Great Great Great place to eat!  I have a friend in the casino industry that always gets the hook up here.  I'm not a seafood person but its unlimited crab legs first of all so theres that.  I always see my friends grab like 20+ of those things.  I usually get the prime rib and other things that go with it.  Nothing besides the prime rib, crab legs, and lamb really stick out as far as meat.  There is a asian food section, dessert, and from what I can tell a cross between greek and indian section.  The food was great.  You can order booze of course but it cost extra.  This is the pricing;Breakfast $21.99Monday - Friday | 7:00 a.m. - 11:00 a.m.Lunch $25.99 Monday - Friday | 11:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.Dinner $36.99Monday- Thursday | 3:00 - 10:00p.m.Gourmet Dinner $41.99Friday - Sunday | 3:00 - 10:00 p.m.Weekend Brunch $31.99Unlimited Champagne Brunch $43.98Saturday & Sunday | 7:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.Chef's Table Daily Add $25Reservation Required 4:00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m. Holiday Pricing ChangesBrunch $35.99 - $38.99 | 7:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.Brunch w/Champagne $49.98 - $53.99Dinner $ 44.99 - $51.99 | 3:00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.Holiday Feast wil start at 12:00 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day & Christmas DayAs a tip I would get there during lunch pricing and stay through out dinner :)  REMEMBER EVERYONE WANTS TO COME TO THIS PLACE SO THE LINES CAN GET LONG FOR DINNER.
I came here for Sunday night football and Thursday night football.  Both times were excellent.  1st off the food was actually amazing.  If you've ate at hooters before you should know the food here but everything tasted freshly made the wings and fries.  Also the beer was fresh and our area was clean.  Looking at some of the reviews I think guys have a set perception the girls here are suppose to flirt with them and kiss their ass...Thats not the case here.  All the ladies I felt with were professional and as long as you are courteous an nice they will be too.  I don't expect them to call me sweetie or any B.S. like that.  Most of the girls are super young like 18-22...  Most are beautiful of course and the bartenders are the same!  There are two really big screens to view with other televisions around the eating area.  This is the biggest hooters restaurant from what they say.  I had a great experience here so five stars from me!  ;)
I love this place.  If I lived in Vegas still this would be my go to place for breakfast/brunch.  1st thing from what I can tell everything is pretty much made fresh.  I had the biscuits and gravy special.  The biscuit was so good and same thing with the Gravy.  A side of bacon and house fries... The other times I came here I had the western omelet.  My friend Vinny had the waffles and he said it was  "Really good".  The location is on Decatur, and Sahara.  Its not a hole in the wall but it would be hard to spot off of the street.  Its in the closed down Circuit City center.  Mary herself has a very bubbly and interesting sense of humor.  The waitresses are pretty attentive and are always walking around passing out jelly samples for your toast.  I had strawberry and peach.  They even had jalapeo jelly...My friend vinny said it was good.  All in all I would definitely come here for breakfast.  Super good and fresh.I always sat at the bar area around the TV but from what I can tell they are usually busy so get there early.
If I could give this place 10 stars I would.  Uhhh .. A Brazilian steak house with a splash of Texas style BBQ and flavor.  If I was a female my panties would be soaked right now... The ambience is super nice.  You are surrounded by a lot of people because the place isn't super big and its usually always busy especially for dinner!  I always make a reservation a day in advance to make sure I get seated with in 5 minutes.  The meat is well prepared, marinated, served, and of course eaten.  I've been here like 10 times in my lifetime!  The salad bar ha some great selections.  I always get the asparagus, and green beans.  For you sick bastards that eat sushi there is a couple sushi selections for you.  The wine list is pretty nice.  I usually get the sangria because it sneaks up on you! I didn't know this but they do give a little discount for military (On the food).  The waitress that saw me and my date was awesome.  Wish I remembered her name but she noticed my military ID when I showed it and she told me she'd adjust my check.  You're going to spend $50.00 a plate here so make sure you eat all you can.
Got to the rental place around midnight... stupid flight was delayed.  This rental facility is off site from the airport.  When you get to the airport you can take a shuttle here.  Its not far but definitely not walking distance.  The address is 7135 Gillespie St, Las Vegas, NV 89119.  I get here and the line wasn't too long but it always seems as soon as I get there 2-3 people just happen to take a break... ugh... always annoying.  The line of 3-4 customers took like 15 minutes.  Alamo had about 3 people working at the time.  The service was great once they got to me. I always prepay so there are no crazy hidden fees.  For 4 days I spent $89.00 but they didn't have a lot of compacts and I think they noticed I was in the military so they upgraded me to a premium car :)  Really really cool of them.  I picked the Camaro!  BTW if they do that make sure to tip the guy in the garage.  I gave him a $5 spot because thats all I had but I should have gave him a $20.  The garage where all the cars are is very big.  Make sure you look up to see the labels of the car rentals  When you return the car its super easy.  Just find the entrance to your company you rented from then boom you are Good to go.  Just a little tip whatever credit card you use to rent the car.  Make sure you check to see if it automatically comes with rental car insurance.  I would always get the insurance until I looked at my credit card perks and it comes with rental insurance if I use it
Holy $$$ batman what a price.  So I get here with my nephew and we want to watch suicide squad!  Keep in mind this is Matinee times.... Then the guy hits me with $15.00 each..... FOR MATINEE .... I was like wtf how much do regular tickets cost.  I'm sorry $15 for matinee is too expensive ... If my nephew didn't want to see Suicide Squad I would have just left.  The theater itself is nice.... popcorn and everything was good and the lounge chairs were great.  My only gripe is the cost of the tickets... not even IMAX??? The theater is right across from Dave and Busters.  I can only imagine what that place is like on a weekend... The people that work there go inside where you are sitting and ask if you need/want anything... I thought that was cool.  I can only imagine how much a beer in that place cost but I'm sure you will be giving your first born for a cocktail!  If you can get a cheaper seat at a different luxury theatre I recommend it.  Nice place but not worth $15 a ticket.. for matinee!
Only reason why I didn't give them five stars was because my friend was playing a set here and the vocals weren't up to par because the sound wasn't done well :(  This place I can't say is a hidden gem because if you don't listen to blues, jazz, or rockabilly music you wouldn't know to come here!  This was my 2nd experience watching live bands like this and it was so awesome coming here.  I heard classic rock, rockabilly, and blues all in one night.  Could be happier experiencing something new.  The place itself is small .... There is the bar area, a place to sit off to the left with couches in the back.  Then to the right when you walk in there were 2 pool tables.  The restroom is small but the drinks are cheap ;) and the music is good.  Saturday night there was a taco truck outside which was cool.  Also my boy Dennis (Monk) was tearing up the harmonica on stage!  You will be yelling the whole night because it is SUPER LOUD the entire time pretty much.  I danced a little bit but its so crowded you can't really find a spot that isn't already taken.
I would come here a lot as a kid because this was one of the closest taco bells around.  The reason this lonely taco bell has such a good rating is the quality of food and the service.  One of the managers Isaiah R. was really cool and friendly.  Its Taco Bell so you know the food but surprisingly it taste better here than most taco bells.The location is on the corner of flamingo and decatur.  decent size parking lot and its inside of a mini mall.  Drive thru is pretty quick especially late night and again everyone is super friendly.
So I never had this place burgers until last week.  I'm at a mehhh... as far as the overall taste of everything.  The Burger was good (Just good) but for $12.95 I would expect the burger to be a knock out.  The fries weren't good at all.  I mean I thought McDonalds fries were better than these fries.  Soggy and greasy potato sticks would be a better description.  Of course my large soda was $3.95.  I'm sorry that movie theater prices.  For the mehhh food and the Super price thats why I gave this place 3 stars.  I don't understand why its so expensive here.  The place itself is in the Excalibur hotel.  You see all kinds of bleacher creature tourist in that place.  The line was pretty long the whole time.  After I ordered I had to wait about 10 minutes for the food to be done.  They give you a pager with a number on it.  The dining part is pretty big.  I would think it fits 100 people at least.  The food was ight...  But from looks alone the milkshakes looked like the best thing here.  Maybe I'll go back for a milkshake next time.
This place is probably now in my TOP 3 for local bars in Las Vegas!  This place used to be a roadrunner and man oh man they upgraded this place!  So this place took a bit of Gold Spike and they have over sized Jenga, Pool, a deer hunting game, Mini Bowling -- you read that correctly ..... and a ping pong table.  The beer selection is too crazy to type out here.  A lot of craft beers and a lot of options for food.  Speaking of food I had some sliders and fries and it was actually pretty good.  This place is pretty big but it needs to be because its always crowded.  There is a UNLV Running Rebels section which I thought was pretty awesome.  There is also a nice courtyard area thats on your right when you first walk in.  It was winter time while I was out there but I bet its super cool (Like a biergarten) in the spring and summer.  Theres a little mini bar outside.  BTW The bartender that hooked it up with the ping pong balls thank you for being cool as f***.  This place is super fun.... My only complaint is they need to knock a wall down because its too small for the crowd they get.  This place is big so you can imagine how many peeps are there.  I want to say there is at least 100-150 people there around 2100-TBD.Even if you aren't a local I recommend this place to get away from the strip and see an awesome sports bar!Bangkok, like Las Vegas, sounds like a place where you make bad decisions. - Todd Phillips
I love beer gardens like this.  Just a lot of people, good food, and the beer is like angels pissin on your tongue moses :).  The parking is a bit crappy because its crowded here all the time.  Dinner time 5-8 is when this place is super crowded.  Around 9-11 is when the crowd dies down.  This place is super loud from the live band and the open dining area.  The waitresses are dressed in traditional German attire with the dress and their (.)(.) hanging out.  The venue itself is very big.  There is a outside part as well but this place hasn't been that crowded that I've ever seen.  Restroom has a bathroom attendant on the weekends, and valet if you don't want to park yourself.The food is excellent.  I had the sausage, with the dunkel.  Ughhh the Germans know how to brew some beer.  Theres a few to choose from but most German restaurants are the same in this aspect.  The band is always engaging with the crowd and playing traditional German songs with some American songs as well.  This place is fun and has so much going on.  Worth the time to check it out.
I came here with 2 friends and we all loved this environment.  We got there around 8:10pm and there was a decent size line to get in so I would get there early if you can.  Just a heads up pets and grills are not allowed.  Also there is a big sign with a marijuana leaf on it that says no drugs... just a FYI :(The place itself is super retro which I love.  The concession stand feels like its from the 60's and smells like old school popcorn butter.  When you park try to stay away from the pathways people use otherwise you will be disturbed by lights and other stuff.You can't beat $7.50 for a ticket and it just feels good to bring in your own food and just relax under the stars and watch a movie.  www.westwinddi.com/locations/las-vegas to see the line up .... Also they do double features sometimes so you can see 2 movies :) Kids 5 and under are free.
This place is mehh... One thing I don't get is the stupid resort fee's for this place.  Especially because the pool is being worked on and we had to walk to the Luxor pool if we wanted to use a pool???  Also a weird situation there was a ambulance by the valet when I came one night.  I was told be the security guard even though I'm staying here I have to go somewhere else to park??? I just didn't get it... Why do you have to shut down all Valet operations when when a ambulance is there. I get a fire truck.... but why a ambulance when you could use YOUR RADIO and stop movement if you are bringing a patient down to that area???  Maybe its my military side but their security/emergency procedure is stupid.  Speaking of fire.... At 0230 the fire alarm went off.. holy shit was I freaking out... I thought I was back in Iraq how f***ing loud that sh** was.  There was no fire but that alarm is loud as all heck.  The hotel itself isn't too bad.  Parking is a b***h, the slots and hotel floor are ok.  The food court and restaurants are all pretty cool.  Make sure you know there is $26.00 resort fees per day!  Which was more than the Palms BTW.  All in all the experience wasn't the best but what do you expect from $25.00 a night!Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow. If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas. - Paul Samuelson
Came here yesterday to do some laundry because its a convenient location for me!  The place itself was clean and it seemed like there was a nice clientele in the building.  The machines range from $2.25 - $6.00.  I used a $5 and a $2.25 machine to wash my clothes.  Then I used 2 washers to dry.  So total I spent $10 to wash and dry all my stuff. There are slot machines to the left when you walk in.  There is a TV where the register is.  The woman that was running the place doesn't really speak english.  She seems nice though and she knows enough to get you what you need.  I bring my own soap but there is a vending machine for it.  If you need $$$ there is a 711 in the mini mall.  The change machines only take 1's, 5's, and 10's.If the washer/dryer isn't working there are signs posted up to tell you.  Not a bad place to do laundry at all.
Slot machines are posted throughout the airport after security and billboards for shows, restaurants, venus are played on screens etc.  There is Terminal 1, or 3.  For some reason they skipped 2??  They have like 50+ restaurants between each terminal.  There is free wifi and the airport is very clean from what I've seen. Uber/Lyft in terminal 1 is on parking floor 2M.  For some stupid reason they have signs that say "Ride Sharing" instead of just promoting the service name.  It's a sore spot for vegas...  If you rented a car the location of most of the car rental places aren't actually in the airport.  Its about a 1-2 mile drive from the airport but most rental places offer a shuttle.  I don't recommend taking a cab.  4-5 in my experience are incompetent and don't know what they are doing and drive while using the phone.The airport itself is easy to maneuver and easy to find where you need to go.  The tram only takes about 4-5 minutes if you need to go to the D gates.  This is a very enjoyable airport.
Man oh man this place was fun even though I sucked!  Came here for my friends birthday and it was amazing.  We got there and they said it will be a 30 minute wait... It was more like a 5 minute wait.  We sat at the bar for a little bit and the bartenders were attentive and fun to talk to.  We were booth 205 and played a basic game.  Its basically darts but playing golf.  Each of the targets (holes) have different point values and you usually swing 5 times then the other player goes.  It does get expensive here so happy hour is probably the best time to go.  We were at $75 an hour when we went and it can get even more expensive.  Our waitress brought my friend these cake balls that you shoot frosting in and holy shit they were amazing.  The drinks were strong and the gold was fun.  There is shuffle board, and corn hole as well.  I heard there is a pool on the 3rd floor and there are huge TVs around the area. I'd recommend going here with at least a group of 4 to offset the cost a bit especially if its not durning happy hour.  Be careful of drunk people with golf clubs, and don't fall into the net... :)
I was expecting a weird encounter when I came to this place but to be honest it was just like going to a doctor's office but with nicer people.  I walked in and was greeted by a friendly employee then was told to fill out some paperwork for the doctor.  I filled it out and then was led to the back to interview with the doctor.  You see the movies about MJ Doctors and they aren't entirely accurate.  The doctor took my blood pressure and listened to my heart for a sec... asked me questions then about 5 minutes he told me I qualified for for a card.  After the interview I signed a bunch of forms then gave my $200.00.  Its $225.00 but they give you a discount if you are a veteran.  After I paid I was given a piece of paper for instructions on how to print my authorization form and then boom that's it.A few things to know.... YOU DON'T GET YOUR CARD IN ONE DAY.  Thats a little misleading to me in their website/advertising.  The process takes 1-4 business days which sucks.  Also you don't get your card even after the 4 business days you get a authorization form that is good for 60 days so you can shop at the dispensaries.  This is why I gave them 4 stars because that's misleading saying (SAME DAY CARDS).  The doctors only does interviews Friday-Monday on certain times so I would call to make sure he is there.----2017Feb24-----Still don't have my approval letter.  I called the https://mmportal.nv.gov and they said it can take up to 30 days.  So the 1-4 business days on the same day cards isn't accurate!----2017Feb25----Finally approved
Came here yesterday not knowing what to expect and everything was pretty cool.  I'm not super picky so I'm sure I was an easy sell but the woman that helped me was super awesome and nice.  To start from the beginning you pull up to the venue and the front door is actually in the back by the bigger parking lot.  When you walk in there's a man that greeted me and asked if it was my first time here.  I said yeah and he checked my credentials (Letter/card & I.D.) then I waited for approximately 3-5 minutes.  Then I walked in the back and that's when you get a glimpse of the buffet :) lol... Its actually pretty organized where they have the different strains and cannabis products.  The girl that helped me seemed so knowledgeable and she was super sweet.  The receptionist up front was equally nice and pretty.  My cashier/weed consultant took my order over an ipad and then when you are all finished she brings you to a little kiosk then you throw your $$$ in then boom she grabs your receipt and boom finished.  I kept looking at the other reviews and I didn't understand why they all kept saying the wait/line is long.... The reason why its like that is they only let 1-3 people back there at a time.  I was alone so I was the only person back there shopping.  I'm not sure if its for medical privacy or for their own security but yeah if its busy I'm sure that can be frustrating.  1st time visitors get 20% off.  Also if you check in on FB there was a sign that said free gift!They only except cash... There is a ATM machine inside!I've only used one of the pre rolls and a edible and they were awesome .. and SUPER STRONG!
Farley's Pizzeria in University City (Arbors) is fantastic. I've never ordered delivery because I live around the corner. Ordering online for pickup is super quick and easy. My order is always hot, right and ready. Delicious pizza and strombolis. The pizza crust is especially tasty.
You guys are great!  So happy with how smoothly this transaction completed and equally happy that Tina Hall (my Redefy Associate Broker / Agent) was so focused on working through all the issues with the roof leaks, dry wall damage and the septic system and ensured that this did not delay my closing at all.  She literally lifted all the stress of working through these issue off my shoulders and ensured that all the right contractors and other professional were brought out on time (all while explaining everything to me along the way and ensuring I was getting the most competitive pricing on these repairs).Very impressed overall with the degree of professionalism, timely responses, technology and tools used and in general how friendly and easy everyone at Redefy is to work with.  Still can't believe I got this degree of SERVICE and marketing expertise for such a low fixed rate price!  Saved me literally THOUSANDS in commissions from doing it the traditional 6% way and with the same great results (and in many cases more exposure and technology used to effectively market my home).Truly a pleasure all the way through this quick sell of my Wyatt Way property.  Can't thank you all enough!!Sincerely,-Robert
Definitely would NOT recommend Dr. Kaplan. Always felt very rushed and it seemed like the Doctor felt almost "put out" by me asking questions about my personal health.Every time I would get rushed through an appointment at his office (after waiting for more than an hour most times for just a rushed 5 - 10 min consultation with the Dr), they would almost always find an excuse as to why they needed to reschedule to have me come back in 2 - 3 wks later (even though I explained repeatedly that I'm on a high-deductible insurance plan and can not afford such frequent visits to a "specialist" unless absolutely necessary). Dr. Kaplan refused to ever release or even discuss any of my blood test results over the phone (in cases where my work travel schedule made it impossible for me to discuss during a follow-up visit).All in all, this left me with a very bad experience. Extremely unprofessional and makes me regret actually referring my own Father to see them for his kidney stone issues (I have since apologized to my father and suggested he go elsewhere since he has a similar story of a very poor experience and repeated office visits required before they could finally "get it right". He is retired and on a fixed income, so this was also hurting him financially.
Called in and ordered 2 burgers and a appetizer of asparagus spears. When we got home, we discovered only 4 spears in our container. I called to see if there was an error with our order and was told in fact we were charged the $7 for the 4 spears as they were the appetizer. There was no apology, no 'let me take that off your bill' just a confirmation that we in fact paid $7 for the 4 spears we got (which were terrible on top of it.) The burgers were average at best,  way over priced and the service was terrible. Will never eat there again.
I have been here many, many times. I have had tables and sat at the bar. My food and service has always been phenomenal. I love the atmosphere. The decor is awesome. My daughter loves it here as well. I give it a solid
They have an amazing ice cream selection. Awesome atmosphere. And I get to pet dogs! I just love this ice cream.
What a GEM of a shop! With very limited time to browse, I managed to leave with a vintage Givenchy blouse, a Marc Jacobs too and two dresses. Owner was wonderful.
Arrived around 9:00 am on a Mother's Day Sunday in late May and was seated right away on the patio. I'm guessing the reviews about long waits for tables & food is primarily an issue during high-season? Our wait for service and food during a holiday brunch was totally fine.Eggs Benedict was quite tasty, yogurt with granola was simple and well-done and the french-press  was really great - a definite improvement over plain-old coffee. Just a really nice breakfast experience on a nice patio on a lovely day. Recommended.
Awesome. Great patio space & 4 kinds of cooling at the bar is super-refreshing on a hot day. Nice selection of mixed drinks & craft beers. Bartenders are toats-friendly & great for recommendations to other local bars/restaurants.Of course, the pasties are great too. Lamb & mint and the Tikka masala were stand-outs. Right off Main St in Old Town & definitely worth the trip.
A little slow on the food delivery considering the crowd level (to their credit, we got $10 toward a future trip without complaining/asking). Not really "Hawaiian"  in the decor either, but it was nice enough. Chix tacos were okay, but the blacked Hapu fish sandwich was truly outstanding...like one of the best ever.It's worth trying, but might not blow your socks off.
Like sweet? Get anything Berry Bliss-style (best pancakes ever). Feeling savory? They've got that covered too - try the Eggs Verde, which resembles an inside-out, breakfast quesadilla, just don't forget the chorizo!Real, fresh-squeezed juices are a must out on the sunny patio. Outstanding.
Went into Cash 1 about a month ago, did not come out with a loan, but was still very happy with how I was treated.That being said, I went back yesterday because I needed fast cash and I was very happy with my service. Julio is very nice and was efficient at helping me. He even helped me the last time I went in and remembered who I was which I was really happy about. He provided me with a loan and carefully went over with me how payments are made, and the times. He gave me a copy of everything and answered every question that I asked. Overall, Julio was very polite and I highly recommend Cash 1 Loans to anyone who needs cash now.
This is the absolute worst Buffalo Wild Wings location I have been to. I've tried and tried again to come here (over 5 times) to see if the service gets better, and it doesn't. I love the food do not get me wrong, but that is the only thing that has me coming back to this location. When you first walk in, it is mostly busy, but even when it is not, the Hostess just stares at you and doesn't say anything. I sat there the first time and 3 people walked in after me and were seated while I wasn't. I finally went up to them and told them and all they did was say "Okay" and we had to wait to be seated. I usually brush this off but after we were seated, we didn't get drinks and had to ask to order and flag someone down after 10-15 minutes. After we got our food, which took a while but I didn't mind, we wait 30 minutes after we had asked for the check and To-go boxes over 5 times. The check came, and the to-go boxes never did. After 2 more times of asking, we gave up and left. I still left tip thinking they were just understaffed. As we were leaving, I saw 5 girl workers standing in the corner just talking while it was crazy busy. Then, their manager came out and they all split up pretending to work. I left very annoyed and this was just one experience. I have had 4 other bad experiences at this location which finally put me over the edge to write a review and never go there again. I normally do not give places one star reviews because I like to give people the benefit of the doubt, but after this many times, there is obviously a bigger problem. The service.
Ordered the chicken salad, turkey hoagie, and children's chicken strips meal. Everything was good, nothing to rant and rave about but I ordered through the eat24 app, food came quickly (despite the snowy day) and it was good.
What a great concept! Loved everything we ordered (Stranana, Cookie Dough Delight, and the Buttercup Buttercup, and Parent Trap). Love that you can also build your own. The owners were awesome, both of them were super friendly and personable. Cheap and a new experience, will definitely return.
I love Greek food. My favorite dish is gyros sandwich. Always fresh, have a  lot of flavors. Good and quick service, so we come here quite often.
They have the best bagels. I really mean this,  you can not get the same bagels in California.
Good tasting pizza,  it looked a little under cooked, but it was tasty. Maybe it was my fault, because i like a little crispy, and forgot to mention to them on the phone. Thanks.
They have decent prices, quality just o'kay. I come here for some items that I  do not buy from other markets.
Love this store, great customer service. People at the store are very helpful. It's amazing that each store has different level of support, this one is the best in my opinion.
I chose this place because  of good reviews on yelp. They did an awesome job definitely will come back in the future.
We moved in I to a new house and there was a problem with the existing washer. We had insurance but would not cover, since the issue was before we purchased our home. We call the appliance company from the web, and they fixed it and gave as a discount, it was very thoughtful. Works great now.
Sprouts  is my favorite store perfect customer service fresh organic  produce and very gods prices.
I always enjoy this very pleasant atmosphere at brio and my spaghetti with spicy sauce I come here for a special occasion to spend time with my family
Excellent coffee, coffee is my favorite drink. I try not to overdo it,that is why I enjoy drinking it at  my lunch time, I come here every day.
This company goes back many years being in business when quality was high not like now. Things changed, prices are high quality low. Coffee is not as good as I remember. Donuts are not bad,and service is fast.
I go to Costco for gas and many other things. There is always a big line but i prefer to wait because they have the best prices and service.
I do not buy lingerie from Victoria secrets,it is much easier to buy online, when they have sales prices still high,and out of sizes. So I prefer online besides quality changed.
I always enjoy shopping at this store. They have everything I need there. I even fill up my gas there. The only thing they have more  people there, but it is okay, because they have enough  cash registers open there.
I love shopping at marshals, they have very good prices, and decent selection of clothes. Sometimes they are out of sizes but it is okay,I still go there often.
Yesterday we went to brio restaurant  the food is just o k but the area is beautiful. There are so many interesting  things to see. We took a lot of pictures for the memory.
I was at this place a few month ago and decided to leave a message today, as I just installed the app. Can not wait to go to this place again. The pasta was one of the best ones I ever had. Even spaghetti from Detroit could not beat it.
Amazing food. Amazing service. You'll get some unique Vietnamese dishes that you won't get anywhere else.
the 2-star description of "Meh. I've experienced better" couldn't be any more dead on for this place, *especially* in light how many best.pizza.ever reviews i've seen on here and from noted chefs and celebrities. for all of you who think that, i'm sorry but maybe you've never been to new york. hell, maybe you've never even been to new jersey, b/c this wasn't any better than my local neighborhood joint. based on what i read coming into the meal, i expected the light of god to shine down on me as i took my first bite. what i got instead was, yes, an ok pizza, but nothing more than and a ridiculously overcharged one at that (and now an awful case of heartburn, but that's beside the point).we got the margherita pizza and added wood-roasted mushrooms and sicilian anchovies. sauce was pretty good but the house made mozzarella was nothing to write home about. crust was thin and soft in the middle, crispy around the edges...and burnt. luckily, my wife and i don't mind a well-done crust, but it certainly did not exhibit the perfection that i was expecting going in. the pizza was cut into 6 slices, and was so small that i could have easily eaten the thing on my own. couldn't have been more than 10-12" in diameter, as each slice was able to *easily* fit on the same appetizer-sized plates that we used for our pre-pizza bread (which we had to request, was not offered to us by the waiter, yet another knock against the entire experience).the total bill for one little pizza and a $5 draft beer was $28. that's right, one pizza, no more than a personal-sized one at that, with 2 toppings was $23. in terms of accompaniments to the pizza, the menu was SO limited and when i saw the table next to us get their antipasto plate, there was no way we were paying $15 for it.i cannot believe that anyone in their right mind would wait one hour, let alone up to 4 as some of you have written, for this pizza. maybe zagat should stick to fine dining reviews, b/c they clearly missed the mark here. if any of my friends or relatives were to visit phoenix, my advice would be "don't believe the hype". personally, i can't wait to get back to new jersey and get a bigger, cheaper, and most importantly, better pizza.
if yelp gave a 6th star, this would be the first place to warrant one of any that i've reviewed. my wife and i recently vacationed in phoenix and wanted to have one amazing meal as a late anniversary celebration. in what now looks like a stroke of luck, our first choice, kai, was closed thru august and not reopening until we had left. a client of my wife's recommended binkley's and one look at the website convinced us to make a reservation ASAP.cave creek was kind of a random place for a restaurant of this quality, but did offer a nice view of the sunset behind a mountain in the distance. we arrived at 6 for our 6:30 reservation, and they had no problem seating us early. my wife immediately took note of the decor, a series of roses submerged in water in large, cylindrical vases in the entrance. we went all in on the 6-course tasting menu, as it was marginally more expensive than the 4- or 5-course menus, and when in rome...almost immediately after our order was taken, we received the first of many eagerly anticipated amuse-bouches. savory bacon donuts sprinkled with parmesan cheese along with a bacon butter. before i get into the meal itself, for anyone complaining about portions: 1) amuses are meant to be one bite; 2) the service informs you that the tasting portions are smaller than the a la carte options; and 3) both of us were more than full when leaving the restaurant.over the course of the meal, we were served a total of 12 amuses, most notably including a mini-sandwich trio consisting of muffaletta, banh mi and sloppy joes, truffled potato skins, a platter of chicken liver mousse, pistachio butter and nectarine jam, frozen arnold palmers, mango "bombs", mint consomme with 4 kinds of chocolate dots served on an LED coaster, and a warm cinnamon souffle with apple creme anglaise.if that doesn't whet your palette, then the actual courses will. for 6 courses, you get a cold appetizer, a hot appetizer, a fish, a meat, a cheese plate (or truffle fondue, my pick), and a dessert.since my wife will surely offer up her own review, I will just highlight my dishes. when we were served each course, our server (primarily nicole, who was amazing) identified each ingredient in the dish, offering more detail than what was given on the menu. this was followed up by a visit from the maitre d, angus, who gave even MORE insight, on things like the source and seasonality of the ingredients and answered any questions we had (like how DO they make that lobster powder? answer: dried lobster roe pulvarized in a food processor and passed thru a chinois).my cold app was a poached king salmon with sake-cured salmon roe, cucumber, pickled onion, and dabbed all over the plate by a dill-horseradish emulsion and creme fraiche, served with a little glass of cold cucumber soup with chipotle oil. every course was top notch, but THIS is the one i keep coming back to. just unreal.for my hot app, i had the uni risotto with a wasabi foam which had a special treat that i've never had the privilege of eating: spot prawn roe. as if the spot prawns themself weren't enough!!for fish, i got polenta-dusted scallop dish with chorizo rounds, ratatouille and a chorizo corncake that was cooked to perfection. and meat was a mesquite-seasoned ribeye that was somehow not the highlight of that course. that honor was reserved for the oxtail papusa. if you don't know what that is, google it!!when it came time for dessert, we were already filling up. since my wife ordered the cheese plate, i opted for the truffle fondue, which came with celery, purple potato, popcorn, and dried fruit for dipping. it marked the third time in the meal that we were eating truffles, counting 2 of the amuses.finally to top it off, a dessert simply called blueberries. there was a blueberry-filled donut, a chocolate and blueberry shooter topped off with a balsamic cream, some kind of blueberry cake, but the real highlight that had everyone in the restaurant looking our way was when our server added the "freezing soup" around the edge of the plate: a combo of blueberry consomme and liquid nitrogen!it was our second smoky experience of the meal, as earlier i had ordered a martini with liquid nitrogen after seeing one come out of the bar. i had asked angus for some type of chili martini since it seemed appropriate for the desert, but after informing me that they didnt have any fresh chilis to make the drink, he offered up an even better alternative: old tom gin. i'd never had it before, so he brought me a little sip to get my approval and then the martini arrived, liquid nitrogen smoke and all, minutes later.i could go on and on, but this whole experience was a first for me. the combination of mindblowing food coupled with incredibly accomodating and informative service has to put binkley's at the top of the list of restaurants i've visited. i would make the 2600+ mile trip to the desert just to eat there again!
Fried pickles are the bomb! Terrific wine choices and outdoor seating with heaters if you get chilly. What's not to like here?
I stopped in before game 6 of the World Series to bring a taste of Chicago to my friends and fellow Cubbies fans.Their Windy City blend did not disappoint. While not quite "Nuts on Clark," it was darn close. I'll be back!
Excellent food, great staff. Everything is always fresh - by far the best Greek food around. Great location.
As always the Darling Spa offers a relaxing and enjoyable experience. Leslie is very knowledgable, professional and friendly. This is the best place I've ever been to.  The place itself is fanatastic!! It's clean, modern and stacked with great Dermalogica products. The atmosphere is welcoming and very relaxing. Leslie's services are impeccable!!Hands down, i would recommend Darling Spa to anyone and everyone!!!
We order from them at least once or twice a month. The food is always fresh and tasty. The delivery driver is always kind and remembers us and greets us with a welcome attitude. Even with delivery service the food is always presentable and hot.we usually order in because there are so many good items on the menu and we like to pick at them and even eat the left overs the next day.I always order the famous pad Thai, mango chicken and shrimp, and the unagi roll.Before being introduced to srpring rolls I wasn't a big fan of thai food or sushi and now I crave it. We ordered the spring roll platter and it was small and the spring rolls were greasy. I am glad we ordered other stuff, because if I was to base our experience on just the spring rolls we probably wouldn't order again. Over all we really like the food. the only thing to watch out for is there online pricing was slightly different from what we were charged it really was much but when I asked the phone operator she mentioned that there pricing has changed and there was nothing that she could do? I think that was bad customer service and that she should of done something or offered to toss something in. Overall Spring Rolls product and packaging is our favorite Thai delivery service. I would recommend anyone to give them  a try!!!
I had a blast on the day tour. Amanda was amazing!  She knows how to have a good time and made it fun for everyone on the bus. This is a great way to check out the pools especially if you have never been before. No waiting in lines. Only recommendation is drink as much in the bus as you can, some of the drinks at the pools are nuts. It's Vegas so it's expected. I would definitely do it again if I get the chance.
Quick service all around. Amazing food... Sky Harbor has revamped their food choices and I can honestly say this place is up there with Arizona top breakfast places (heard good things about their other locations as well.)Great ok every way. Oh, and the bacon. The bacon was unbelievable.
This place is amazing!! Not only is the food to die for (BTW they use real crab in the California Roll)but the service and the people who work there are so friendly and nice. I highly recommend this place!
DO NOT order the fish tacos. We waited 2.5 hours to sit down and get our food. We sat down and ordered our drinks. Waited another 20 minutes. Drinks never came. I tracked down the waiter to order food. We ordered our meal for 7 people. The table of 15 next to us was fully fed and drinks served- even though they sat after us. The food came out An HOUR and a HALF later. Two orders were under cooked. They comped %50 of the meal for the shit Service. I will never come back. DONT order the fish tacos.
We were traveling through town and stopped in to get Manicures and Pedicures... THE BEST!!!! They all had an eye for detail. Chuck gave me the most amazing Gel Manicure. They have 175 colors for gels... Worth the stop and will be on our list of Things-To-Do when in Las Vegas!!
Unacceptable bad experience.    This is a hilton gone bad.  While they did have some exceptional and very polite employees it seemed to be because that was who they are and not representative of the hotel if you know what I mean.  You know when you stay at a 5 star hotel and all the staff work as a team making the guests feel really comfortable...well this was not like that.   The room:   The room needed a serious upgrade.  The bathroom cabinet looked like it was made of drywall material and worse it seemed to have some sort of old dried blood stains on it (hopefully it wasn't).   The room was fairly clean except for the hard to get places the showed dust from the 70's.    Sorry but the front door man creeped us out too.  He seemed to just stare and avoid so we would ask questions to the other fellow who was ok. And walking around the hotel at night did not feel to safe.  The week nights were better than the weekend nights where things got seedy.  We wish we stayed closer to Bloor street where the hotels are much better.  After this hotel experience when I get my Hilton email I hit the delete key without even reading it.   This place turned us off.    The good, there is a subway right across the street, a great greek restaurant called Volos about a block away that had great food and incredibly nice staff.  Eaton center is not too far a walk.  China town is close by too.  But none of these conveniences make this worth the stay.  I would absolutely go out of my way to that Greek restaurant though that was the one fantastic memory.
i am sitting here watching an episode of Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares and it reminds me of the awful food we ate last week at Otto.  The expensive wine was very good.  The server was Ok.  The bus boy was Ok (except for when he said right beside me that he need to take a break to use the toilet).  The appetizer was decent.  But the part that was just disgusting were the two pizza's we ordered.   I cannot believe how bad they were.   I have had better frozen pizza's.    I had no idea until I came to this review site that this was a Mario Bitali restaurant.  He needs to get out to this restaurant or have secret people eat there to see how bad the pizzas were.  For the price paid this was totally unacceptable.  That said shame on me for not speaking up at the restaurant it is just I am very unconfortable about doing that.  Hopefully the owners will read my feedback along with the others I see here and make it better for the next customer.
Rev. Amy performed an offsite wedding for us and it turned out beautifully. I think people forget the most important part of the wedding is really the ceremony and those words that are exchanged between the bride and groom. It was the most memorable part of the day for us. Rev. Amy was wonderful and flexible with the unique needs of our ceremony. It was perfect and everything we could hope for. Thank you Rev. Amy!!
Terrible dining experience. It took almost three hours to get our food and it came out cold and coagulated. First the appetizer was very late "because it was burned" and needed to be remade. We watched numerous tables come and go, with our food never arriving. It was so hot upstairs, we sweat through our clothes. Nothing was done to cool the section off.When the manager arrived, they tried to make things right, but the screwed up remaking our order, gave us the wrong to go dessert, and two people in our group went home with some other table's half eaten left overs! Disgusting. I used to think highly of Maggianos, but their service and quality have fallen apart. Never going back.
I try to attend Skullpt two to three times a week. I have yet to wake up the morning after a class an not be sore head to toe! They really work you out and I saw results very quickly. Not to mention, this is the best I have felt in my life. I have done several yoga classes as well, and as a beginner, I have learned a lot and have very much enjoyed every class. I really like the instructors and staff at Sutra. I feel comfortable working at my own pace, but feel motivated to push myself every time I am there and try something new. The studio is a great space, the raw juice bar is fantastic. I really can't say enough good things. It is worth every penny because I am improving my health and confidence day by day.
Just had great food, great beer and excellent service from Nathan. The milk shakes were delicious and well priced at $4. We enjoyed a burger salad and recommend the bison burger. Also had the split fries and onion straws, also good.
I have been going to Atmosphere for many years. I originally went to the salon at their old location at Thomas and followed them to their gorgeous upgraded location near Camelback. Everyone is so friendly, nice and beautiful in the salon. Afton is my hair stylist and I trust her completely with my hair. I always take her direction when it comes to a new cut or style. She is great, friendly, and I always love me hair when I leave.I also love the nail services in the salon. Vera will make you feel like a million bucks and you will leave with perfect perfect perfect nails. She also has available quick dry nail polish which is vegan and free of scary chemicals. The polish dries super fast and I have no chips for two weeks. I love this place and would highly recommend it to anyone!
Had dinner on 7/19. We were promptly greeted and sat at a long bar table inside. I really liked the atmosphere, very clean and modern, but still warm with the wooden tables. We ordered the specialty brat by Chef Beckett with pickled onions as well as the kosher brat with kraut. All of their ingredients are homemade I as I was informed by our waitress. I really liked the Dijon mustard and thought the kraut was fresh, not too salty. We also ordered fries with dipping sauces. I assume the fries are twice fried, so if you like them crunchy, order them up. The truffle aioli and bleu cheese bacon dipping sauces were best. Sriracha dipping sauce is a good concept, but wasn't particularly flavorful. The beer selection is great! Green Flash Palate Wrecker was priced very well, as was the Rasputin we ordered. A nice selection of a variety of beers, which I thought were fairly priced. (Sorry to Bud and Coors fans, get your cheap beer-water fix elsewhere).
The sales folks are kind of pushy. I understand it's their job, but I really think a $199 upsell on a $15 carwash is too much. Also they keep telling me I need my windshield chip repaired and I keep reminding them they themselves already repaired it. They argue with me about it every time. There seems to be no rhyme or reason for how they order cars. They allowed cars that came in after me to cut in front of me because "they've been waiting awhile." Um so have I! I need to find a new carwash.
I love Simply Posh and have been styled by Nicole for about three years. I consign and shop with Nicole on a regular basis. She understands my style, truly from a lifestyle standpoint and I love the variety she carries in her store. Nicole is very fair in consignment and I trust her to find good homes for my beloved items of clothing and accessories I must part with! I have yet to walk in the store and not walk out with super cute clothes and accessories. There are so many wonderful things about consignment stores and Nicole really hits the nail on the head by not only having a lovely store full of gems to find, but a her fantastic personality and great customer service truly make Simply Posh a great place to shop.
Just finished breakfast here. There are 4 customers here and our food took over 30 minutes to arrive. My order was wrong, they put the wrong veggies in my omelette. Hash browns are dry, generally uninspired breakfast. Save your money and eat at home.
The food just isn't great. Pizzas are unremarkable, you can get chicken just as good at Costco for $5. We tried the bacon truffle pizza, with scrambled eggs on top. It was gross, the  bacon is sweet with truffle scrambled eggs, not tasty. The Margarita pizza was flavorless. Caesar salad tasted too strongly of fish. The wine was so warm, it tasted terrible. The service was very good however and the atmosphere is nice. Doesn't make up for the sad food and $100 tab for two pizzas, half chicken, side salad, and wine.
I didn't think their would be anything positive to come from this situation, but I can honestly say that the positive part of it all was Happy Endings, from start to finish, they were incredible.  I had to put down my 16 year old dog, Sadie.  I was devastated at the thought of this but knew she was suffering and in incredible pain, and keeping her around was starting to become selfish, knowing how things could turn out very gruesome for her in the final stages of kidney failure.  Before making the call, I was just dealing with it, but once I had to set the appointment, I LOST IT.  Dr Fixler's wife was so comforting to me, and talked me through the process so I knew exactly what was going to happen.  I don't think I stopped crying in the 2 days after that leading up to it.  When the day arrived, I was an emotional WRECK, but Dr. Fixler and his nurse were so comforting and calming, and after examining Sadie, reassured my mom and I that we were doing the right thing for her.  The fact that is was done in home, not on a cold vet table, but where Sadie (AND I) felt most comfortable is so awesome.  I asked the Doctor is I could play music and he of course said yes (i wanted her to fall asleep to a nice peaceful Sam Smith song), and I was able to hold her, hug her, kiss her, right up until the end, and they didn't administer the final medication until I was fully ready.  Sadie didn't feel a thing and was so relaxed and comfortable, thanks to the sedative they administer before the medication that I have heard is not always given in emergency or veterinary office cases.  They were so thorough in their goal of making sure this would be painless for my baby, they even tested the catheter before injecting the medication so they knew it was in her vein.  I had heard HORROR stories about people putting their dogs to sleep, and also about people not doing so and their dogs dying in pain and suffering, and I am so happy I was able to give my dog a final gift of a peaceful and painless sleep.  On top of it all, today I received a heartfelt letter and poem with my dogs print on it that I was promised, and will cherish that forever.  I would recommend Happy Endings to ALL of my friends and family and still cant believe that such a sad negative thing could be such a positive experience.  I really felt at peace after it was over, and I am not sure I would have felt that way had we done with another route.  I just have to say that if you are faced with this decision, and you want to have the best possible experience in this scenario... CALL HAPPY ENDINGS.  It is 120% worth it in the end.
LOVE this yoga studio.. they opened in my area recently and i am so THRILLED to finally have an awesome yoga studio in my neighborhood! The owner/instructors are very helpful and friendly as well as VERY knowledgeable.  The prices are very reasonable and they offer many different types of classes like pilates and zumba, not just yoga...KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK, YOU GUYS HAVE GIVEN ME REASON TO PRACTICE YOGA MORE OFTEN!!!ONE LOVE YOGA, YOU ROCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NAMASTE!!!
I've been on this planet for 45 years, this was the best haircut I ever had. The shop is extremely clean, and his attention to detail is incredible. Very reasonably priced fir the service you get.  Go here and get a great haircut experience, you won't regret it.
After leaving the emergency room with extreme stomach pain I was referred to Dr. Yalam to take a look. I was in constant pain that went through my stomach to my back and could barely eat a bowl of cereal a day. Dr. Yalam scheduled me for surgery but wouldn't do anything for the pain I felt. Over a 1 week period I lost 13 pounds and visited the emergency room multiple times. Dr. Yalam and his office couldn't care less about the pain I was in or the extreme weight loss. This was reported up to Arizona Digestive Health but they didn't seem to care since by then I had gone through the full procedure. Don't walk, run away from this doctor!
My all time favorite place to dine. The food is always top notch and the service is never less than exquisite.
I've been going here for 13 years and have never had a problem. Service is great. Quality food for a decent price.
I've never had a problem with any Yogurtini ever until today. I had to wait to pay for my Yogurtini for 5 minutes, received an apology and still had to pay full price for my half melted Yogurtini. Then as we're sitting there eating at the table the girl who was in the back for over 5 minutes was eating food in front of us with her fingers and then touching the spoons to put them away and then wiped her nose with her hand and continued to just work at the front with all the food.
Wow, I really should've read the reviews before booking my round-trip shuttle for my recent trip to Vegas! I agree with the other bad reviews, this company is pretty terrible. I chose them at random from the McCarren Airport website. It's sad that McCarren still recommends this company to passengers.  Had to wait in a ticket line when I arrived even though I had pre-paid for my vouchers. Going back was the absolute worst. I was given a pick-up time of 4 pm for a 6:30 pm flight. I was staying at the Excalibur which is at the end of the Strip, so I thought pick-up would be a piece of cake. I was outside the hotel waiting by 3:40 and at least 3 shuttles came and left because they were "dropping off" only. I called 2 times and was told the same story "the driver is stuck in traffic and will be there within 10 minutes." I waited about a half an hour before a driver who was picking up passengers arrived. But, he gave me a hard time because supposedly he was only picking up some other people who were "stranded." I told him I had been given a pick-up time of 4 and he didn't seem to care. I finally had to beg him to let me on and he agreed only before barking at me to "meet him at the back of the van!"  He then yelled at me to ask what my confirmation voucher number was, which I gave to him no problem. What a jerk!  Avoid this shuttle service at all costs and take a cab!
This was the best sub I've had in a long time! Fresh sliced meat, awesome sour dough bread and the service was top notch . Austin and his female co worker made our experience here some of the best service we've had in a long time! Well done!
The Polish sausage on a bun I had for lunch today was terrific. Why two stars? Because when I paid with my debit card, Ed used the card reading app on his phone and added a tip without asking - the receipt was emailed to me so I didn't know he did that until later. Look dude, I'm happy to tip you, but it's not cool to take advantage of your customers like that. Funny thing is, I would have left a bigger tip had he given me the option. So, two stars. He lost a five star rating over a measly dollar.
Nice looking hotel, better than average staff, if you like a quiet place to stay while avoiding large crowds but not too far from the strip then this is the place for you.... would come back if i brought the kids with us... have a convenient city tram from bellagio to aria... however no casino downstairs...
Best bang for your buck here. All you can eat seafood, even oysters and crabs!
The food was reasonably tasty, but I regretted eating it 24 hours later. The kitchen practices must have been as lackadaisical as the service was, underscored by a chunk of gristle in my desultorily delivered steak quesadilla. Disappointing, to say the least.
I studied abroad in China for a summer, and now I have a little piece of paper with my favorite dishes written in Chinese characters on it.  I take it with me to every Chinese restaurant, and this has by far the best dishes I've ever had of any place I've taken my piece of paper.  YUM...
I used this facility twice for heroin detox. Each time I was able to continue for the 3-4 days of treatment of withdrawal symptoms. You have to stay in holding for almost 24 hrs so the staff can observe and assess the severity of your withdrawal symptoms. They take your vitals every few hours to make sure you're stable, especially for alcohol dependent patients and benzo patients,they also take notes on your symptoms. You can't bring in anything that may ease your symptoms, like sleep aides. If you're serious about recovery, they give you the necessary resources to follow up with organizations that can help. The last time I was there was four years ago and my only real complaint was that there are people that use it as a hunting ground to make sales to desperate people, so hopefully they've come up with a way to filter those types out.
Best salad place in town!! Freshest veggies and allows for a variety of substitutions of veggies!
I am a local from Montreal and booked my in laws a room.  When we arrived and we also commented on the booking we told them that they need a handicap room. They wanted to charge us extra because the room was bigger. I have never bearer witness to such discrimination before.  There were a series of other things that happened to my mother in law because she was handicapped. Therefore every time i pass by the place I am absolutely disgusted. I am still in shock how the receptionist and even the manager could treat her so unkindly!!!
The best Indian restaurant in Montreal!!!! I love saag paneer, lamb vindaloo, and the tandoori chicken!!!The service is excellent as well.
We have been to this place for about 5 birthday parties in the last 6 months. You book two hours to play in the bounce house rooms and then the kids go to the party room for food and cake. The place is absolutely fabulous entertainment for the kids. They spend two hours jumping around and then are ready for a nap after the party. The workers take pictures during the party and you can buy them for a small fee after the party. It is a great venue for kids bday parties which is why it has been a popular choice in my son's school this year.
Amazing place. Took the kids here for a friends party. Incredible trampoline venue. I had fun jumping around although I thought I make break something. People are pretty fearless doing twists and vaulting themselves all over. The kids all had a blast. Excellent assortment of climbing apparatuses and foam pits. Will definitely consider this place for a party in the future.
Good service. Runs a proper business. Shows up when promised. Fairly priced. Responds promptly to repair issues. Could scrub my rocks a bit more so the calcium does not build up. Other than that a professional company and honest!
The manager of the restaurant contacted me and was able to get us the reservation on the date we originally wanted. We very much enjoyed the food and the service. I appreciate the gesture to rectify our experience, but we shall see if the reservations process is fixed the next time we try to go here.
Another great experience as usual. Did not even have my usual nail tech, but of course they really are all great and do good work. Today I had a gel mani and a deluxe pedi. Nails looking great and skin feeling soft. Thank you, Pink Nails!
Very nice staff and service. Very low key place. Never had pupusas before so decided to try it. I thought it was more like a flour tortilla. It seems more like a thick corn tortilla which I personally do not care for. We tried the mixed option. They were somewhat tasty but I just did not care for the corn texture. Beans were runny. They were also a bit on the greasy side but that may be how it is supposed to be.
This place is AH-MAZING!  It has become my new favorite steak place. Service is excellent. The hostesses are so polite and friendly. The servers are attentive and knowledgeable. The ambience of the restaurant is wonderful. I love sitting on the patio and enjoying the serenity of the Tivoli Village with a great view overlooking the fountain, especially since the weather has been gorgeous. The food is to die for. I try to order something different each time. Flavors and spices are paired together with such forethought.  The meat is cooked to perfection every time. I don't think the pictures can do this place justice. You just have to come try it for yourself to understand how great the food is.
I had hoped service here had improved since our last visit, but after today, I am convinced this subpar service must be the norm for the place. Owner even messaged after the last review, so really hoped it had improved. But just as a frame of reference, I typed most of this review out while waiting for our server to just check on us to see if everything was ok(that's how long she was taking).Arrived on a busy Sunday brunch, so we more than expected to wait a little. After being seated at the table, it took 15 minutes just to get drinks. Then another 15 minutes to have our order taken. Waited 20 minutes to get food, only to have it delivered to the table with things missing, like butter for pancakes. Also discovered our table had zero utensils set out for a party of 5.Waitress scuttles away so fast that we could barely tell her what we needed, so more waiting. Usually I love the food for its authentic Jewish fare. Today, I ordered the potato pancakes. Huge, thick portion of 3 pancakes but served with the tiniest serving of sour cream and applesauce. I would expect the $10 cost could cover a bit more condiment with the dish. The patties are so dry that you need something to balance it, but the scale does not fit what they serve. Also took forever to flag the waitress down for this to get a little more.I should have stuck with my original assessment and just stop in to the deli to get my fix of NY food.
I still love the food here, but our most recent experience put a damper on my opinion of the place. Vegas is the Mecca for all you can eat sushi places. This place offers that too. However, it seems they have added so many rules and restrictions to this option that it is detracting from the concept. My favorite is the green mussels. Now you can only have one order. There are now multiple items that are flagged similarly. Sorta defeats the point! I think it is time to find a new sushi joint.
Amazing find. Took my kids here for the day. They loved feeding the geese and ducks. We also spent time watching the people fishing in the small ponds. Great way to get back to nature. We also took the dog and he loved it here.
BEWARE!!! If you order delivery from this location, don't expect to receive a complete order. It took 3 phone calls and an hour wasted of my time to resolve my issue. We ordered at 5:45, waited for delivery guy at 6:40, only to open our bags to find half the order was in the bag. Called the store, and passed around to 3 people before someone could even talk about the problem constructively. No sense of how to resolve a customer's problem at all!  We asked to speak to manager and were told they have no way to get in touch with them (red flag). Big fat lie! Given the usual excuses of "we are so busy" "only one delivery guy" "no manager here". Told them it's obvious you have no manager because then we wouldn't have this problem of an incomplete order. Officially our order was not delivered complete until 7:25.  The next time you want to get what you pay for, I suggest any other Chinese restaurant than this one. They clearly don't care if they have happy customers unless you want to spend an hour and a half explaining to them how to do their jobs right. Normally I would let a mistake slide and give the benefit of the doubt, but this hasn't been the first time and after speaking with everyone in the joint, I'm certain with the way they view customer service, they don't plan on fixing the issues leading to this common mistake. Go to a place that believes in GOOD service!
Just goes to show you gotta go to Chinatown area to get great Asian food. I do not usually care for pho but I loved it here. I ordered the mi wonton which was a huge bowl of goodness. Sampled my friends beef pho. I also had the pork buns which was delicious. The service here was perfectly attentive and the bartenders were so friendly. I came here for a night out with a group of friends and they accommodated our party without a glitch. Even separated the bill for us easily. Kudos to this place. I will definitely come back soon.
Tried this place for takeout. The food was delicious and menu selection was hearty. Prices are a bit higher than other Chinese restaurants but considering they probably pay a steep rent for the Summerlin location, it's understandable.The host was extremely helpful when we picked up our order. The added hospitality was a nice touch. Will be back for sure in the future!
We have never eaten in the actual restaurant but typically order take out from here. I like the option to choose from either Chinese or Thai items. I love their Panang. The portions are a good size. I find it strange that they only serve a very small container of steamed rice with the entrees. Seems a bit cheap to me since most other restaurants give you a big serving with an entree. The food tastes fresh so we come back.
We cannot say enough good things about this company. Called them up after discovering we had a HUGE beehive in our front yard. The woman on the phone was courteous and professional. Called around 7pm and expected to get a recording, but happily they answered right away. She gave us a specific time to expect to have them meet us at the house, not a huge time range where you wait half your day for someone to come. They gave us an appointment promptly the next day. The guy arrived on time and was very knowledgeable about how to handle the issue. He worked efficiently and didn't leave behind a mess. He worked even through this summer heat of August. He also was mindful of warning us, our neighbors and all the pets to stay away while he worked for safety concerns. Apparently we had an infestation of angry Africanized bees that had several hives established right in the open. I love that there's a 90 day warranty to rely upon. This is exactly the kind of business we need to see more of in Vegas. Service with a smile, does the job well and completes everything promised. Thank you so much!
When I hire people to work on my property, I always ask if they have a business license. In 2012, these guys did. After having some issues with them this year, i looked up their business info with the Secretary of state. Surprise, their license was revoked in 2012! Still operating as a business. Maybe that explains why they want to bill you ahead of time before services are rendered. I told him from the beginning, I do not pay for something I have not received yet. Plus you know where I live, I cannot find you if you do not show up to clean the pool. Find some customers who do not care if you have an illegal business. Needless to say, we have a new pool company that runs a legal business now.
This was my first time trying shabu shabu. I loved it. Service here is excellent starting with a friendly greeting as soon as you walk in the door. The servers are very informative on how it all works and super attentive throughout the meal. The food was fresh and delicious. Full of great flavors and the meat was fresh. We ordered the pork belly, yojie cut and kobe beef with spicy miso and tonkotsu broths. Portions were hearty. Also tried the green tea white chocolate for dessert, but wish I had just gotten regular milk chocolate. Glad I tried something different as it sounded intriguing, but was just ok. Dinner and dessert for two came in at under $100, not bad. We felt stuffed at the endOverall, it was an awesome dinner and we will definitely be back again. Great experience and tasty food!
Another cool little food restaurant in the Centennial Hills area. This restaurant has eat-in seating available, but it seems a bit more geared towards taking out. The guy at the counter was clearly new and not super knowledgeable about the menu yet. However, the manager was extremely friendly and helpful. I appreciated her offering my kids some crayons and pictures to color upon while we waited for our food. We tried the flatbreads which were delicious. One full flatbread easily could be a meal for one adult. Cost about $10. My husband had the Rocky wrap which was yummy. I had the mango smoothie and it was delicious but a little pricey at $5 (and about half the size of a Jamba Juice cup). Overall the menu is geared towards the healthier choices which was great. There are no kid-sized options. I don't have too much negative to say as our food was tasty. The prices could be a little better considering what they serve. Overall, it was a pretty pleasant experience.
Used this caterer in 2008 for my wedding with 75 guests. Did not choose them myself as they had an exclusive contract with the venue. When we did our tasting, I was already concerned with the presentation and quality of food. We were paying approximately $100 per plate and I did not think it met that level of food quality. I emailed her to express my concern. Her reply is that she "never had a bride complain about her work." Big red flag! Since I was stuck with her, I gave her the benefit of the doubt. On the big day, as I suspected, the food was a disappointment. We had a cocktail hour and paid extra to have more selected appetizers passed. My guests told me later that items were still frozen in the middle. Plus, they did not bother to save us a plate of the items so when I asked where our plate was, they had to scramble to put something together and we only got 1 out of 6 items. Pretty sad since we were paying for this event that they did not honor the bridal party. The entree choices were prime rib and chicken. Once again, it was one step above cafeteria quality. The prime rib was overcooked and dry. Chicken dish was average. I budgeted a good portion so the food would be right. I feel food is a big part of a great party and it was my priority to have it well done. Even despite my concerns to her beforehand, she still blew it. So embarrassing to have frozen items served to close friends and family. You would think she took extra care to make it right after speaking to her.After the event, when I brought up the issues she basically said that they only budget $25/ plate. The rest is decorations and other stuff. Ridiculous that you do not inform us about that when planning the event. She did refund some money but it still does not repair the damage to my special day and the lasting memories of this problem. Warning to any bride if you are using them! Clearly there are other dissatisfied customers so this lady cannot even be trusted with her word. As a business that is a cardinal sin. I hope the owner reads this. If you are in the wedding business, you should have some ethics to realize your work is the realization of a lifetime of dreams. Do your job right! Not in a half ass way. Karma is a b****
This was our first time venturing to downtown Summerlin. This cafe was excellent. Service was friendly and attentive. Food was delicious. They serve the breakfast items all day. Decent kids menu. Options of menu choices were fair in terms of number of different items, but what they do make was delicious. Lots of choices from the fancy soda fountain. I liked that there were non-carbonated items for the kids too. Ambience is contemporary and modern. Overall, we had a great experience and plan to return in the future.
As a former rink rat, I can't tell you how excited I am for the new rink in Summerlin. Beautiful facility inside and out. This place has two sheets of ice which means plenty of ice time for everyone. They have skate rentals available if you don't have your own. The snack shop is coming soon, but not built yet, so for now bring snacks and drinks. The staff there were obviously excited too and extremely friendly and helpful with everything you needed, even a boost up when you fall! The ice was well-groomed and the rink is spacious since it's the practice facility for the Vegas Golden Knights. A great time for kids big and small. Figure skaters, hockey players and recreational skaters. Will definitely be a regular
I followed my stylist to this salon. Cole does amazing work with cuts and color. Listens to what you want. My experience at The Parlor is mixed. The place is clean and modern. Easy access to parking and relatively convenient for me. However, I do not care for the techno music that is played in the salon. I have also had difficulties getting appointments with my work schedule.   As much as I love my stylist, I may have to search for a new place soon.
Came through the drive-thru for a quick bite to eat. I was appalled by the poor service we received. While placing our order, the girl at the window had an attitude as if we were inconveniencing her by placing our order. She kept trying to rush us even though we had more items to add to our order. Then upon pulling up to the window, we were given the wrong item. When we brought it to her attention, no apology whatsoever. There was just a whole air of poor customer service. Now I remember why I was never a big fan of Del Taco. Will be awhile before I return to this location.
Finally stopped by to try this place. A great refreshing treat on a hot summer day. Good selection of flavors. Pretty decent shaved ice, but not quite as fluffy as the kind from Hawaii. But definitely not the gravel like snow cones that try to pose as shaved ice. Just a portable food truck parked in the gas station parking lot and only one person inside to serve and make your order. So it could be a bit of a wait if there is a line in front of you, but definitely worth the wait. Will be back for sure.
Food is delicious. Service is okay. Ambience is fancy. Prices are pretty inflated. There are better steakhouses in town, IMO.
We are always on the look out for a great Mexican spot for basic quick food in the NW. We came here a couple times based on the rave Yelp reviews, but sadly this didn't live up to simple expectations. The first time, I ordered the taco combo with hard shells and asada. And that's just what I got. A hard shell and meat. That's it! No lettuce, pico, cheese...nothing. These looked pathetic and nothing like the pictures they have on an iPad near the register. Not even cilantro or onion. The combo comes with rice and beans which were flavorless and bland. Nothing authentic at all. $7.99My hubby ordered the carne asada fries. The asada itself tasted good. Not too greasy. This item was pretty good. $8.99So we went back to give this place another shot. I ordered the taco combo again but the street taco style. I specifically asked for extra cilantro and onion. Picture is attached to the review. Cilantro was clearly not fresh, and barely any. The carnitas lacked much flavor and were super dry. Also a very disappointing dish. Cheese quesadilla was fine, but way overpriced at $5.99My husband ordered the burrito combo and realized at home that the combo we paid for was not given to us. There is no kids menu and the prices are inflated. The service is pleasant and they clearly are trying hard to be hospitable here. Bottom line, we're still looking for our go-to Mexican spot that's not some chain. Not even worth complaining to management because the food just isn't that good. And for their price point, I don't anticipate seeing this place stay in business very long.
We became members this month to try out the various classes for the kids. The facility is beautiful and spacious. There are many types of classes offered for kids and adults. It's my understanding that you can sign up for a month at a time which is nice since kids are fickle. The cost of these classes is quite really reasonable,approximately $20/month. Free membership for locals. Now let's talk about the staff. Most have been pleasant to deal with. The classes are taught by pretty young adults. Obviously without professional credentials, but you get what you pay for. When we arrived for our class today a few minutes early, we entered the gym and proceeded to sit to the side on the benches. The coach for the other class told us to "get out". Apparently, he never learned any manners in life or how to speak to an adult professionally. We would be happy to leave if asked politely. We didn't know you couldn't be present in the gym at all since the last week it was permitted for people to sit on the sidelines. Now let's discuss the gymnastics class. My daughter was super excited to try it out. The kids spent 15 of their 45 minutes sitting in a circle. I guess she was teaching them lotus poses? The teacher's attitude was less than friendly to a group of 3-4 year olds. Totally drained my kid's enthusiasm. Parents have no place to sit and watch the class, only benches outside the door. She seemed to be nicer during the older kid's class.So we will finish out our month, but I am not thrilled that my tax dollars go to pay for this poorly managed facility.
Finally got to try some Ramen in the side of town that is known for it. This place does not look like much from outside, but the food was delicious. My portion was perfect. The pork belly was so good and the broth was awesome. Our waitress was very attentive and helpful in guiding us to a great choice from the menu. I will definitely recommend coming here and cannot wait to come back.
I have heard good things about this place and we finally had a chance to try it for dinner. Nice atmosphere tucked away from the hustle of the casino. Our server Patsy was excellent. She was attentive without being overbearing. The meal started with a bread basket. It was fresh and so delicious. The pretzel bread was one of the best I have tasted in awhile. They also served a raisin nut bread and sourdough. Both were so tasty.  I had the seared ahi tuna appetizer. The sauce it came with was excellent. Great dish. I had the petite filet and sea scallops for my entree. The steak was so tender and cooked exactly to the temperature I ordered. I chose the garlic cilantro sauce and it was fabulous. The scallops were average meaning they were good but nothing special that I have not experienced elsewhere. We really enjoyed our meal here and will definitely come back in the future.
Just another Italian restaurant in the Northwest. We tried out a few different entree items and their funnel cake and rice pudding. The entrees were average in terms of the taste. The prices are average with similar Italian places. The counter help left something to be desired. Portion sizes are large. The desserts were not so great. Definitely sounded better on the menu than they tasted.
We came here with a large party, more than 10 people. I was impressed that they could accommodate such a big group. The food was excellent. I chose the sea bass and it was moist and flavorful.  My hubby ordered the black cod and it was also delicious. BUT... I thought the prices were outrageous. The dish was $40 a la carte. Sides were over $10. The cocktails were $16. We presented our server with a Yelp offer for 30% off drinks for locals, but they did not take it off our bill. Even after asking about it, the server insisted it had been removed but it was not noted on the receipt nor did the figures add up to any discount. In addition, they charged our party a special fee for the group. Plus the expected automatic 18% gratuity. Normally, I tip well for decent service but the service at this place was horrible, especially considering all these fees they charged us. It took our server 15 minutes to bring our cocktails. When we were ready for the check, it took 20 minutes for them to bring it. The servers were hardly around nor did they check on the table much. Even though the food was good, I would not recommend this place to anyone based on poor service. Looking at other reviews, I am not alone in this experience.
Very trendy place with multiple options for seating... Booths, tables, bar stools, and couches. Have come here twice with young kids and do not thing the menu is quite set up for small kids. The food was pretty tasty but on the trendy side. Items are a la carte. Menu changes often, so dont expect to order what other yelpers have posted pics of... It may be gone.
I have been looking for a salon that really knows their stuff when it comes to color. I came here for the first time. I was greeted promptly by the staff with a smile. My stylist was Ashlei. She carefully listened to what I requested and genuinely took the time to get me the result I wanted. I have stubborn Asian hair that is difficult to take color, especially reds. Ashlei really spent time to give me a great result. I finally got exactly the color I asked for. The salon is chic and clean. They use Bumble and bumble and carry Kerastase products which I love. The prices are reasonable and the service was top notch. I will definitely be coming back! Special thanks to Ashlei who made me feel so pampered today.
I used this bakery for my son's first birthday cake. At that time, I was not thrilled about the decorating skills on the cake, but it tasted great. So this year, I decided to give them a second chance. I spoke with Manuel about our last experience and he reassured me that he would make it right this time. I provided several photos of ideas of acceptable cake designs and even provided figurines of the characters to incorporate on top. When I picked up the cake, I was disappointed again. The decorating was not the worst, but he added an edible printout of the character that was too small scale for the cake size. It was also smooshed a bit and not evenly placed on top which sucked since it was the center of the design. The rest of the piped-on decor was decent. To his credit, the cake was delicious. The chocolate cake was so moist and the fresh strawberries were awesome. I love their whipped cream frosting which is not too sweet and very light.I know I will return to this bakery again in the future, but only if I do not have a complicated cake design request.
This place was highly recommended by several friends so we checked it out. Very high class atmosphere. The menu is a Mario Batali creation. They have tableside carving of certain steaks which has a nice touch. The steak was tasty and cooked to a perfect temperature. The real specialty is their extensive wine list. The service was excellent. Knowledgeable staff and never had an empty water glass. Beware, this place is very pricey. If you are looking for a high class steakhouse, this is it. Definitely a great place to impress a date.
Going to the DMV is never fun. This location used to be a breeze to get in and out. But now that people have to get this new Real ID card, wait times are horrible. I spent 4 hours to get my business done. Of course, the staff and courtesy are typical for government workers. Pretty rude as if I am imposing upon them by being there. My agent wanted to argue with me about the legalities of my name since getting married. Apparently she thinks she has a law degree. I think they should open a bar inside, it might ease the pain of the experience.
I have been wearing glasses since I was 17 so I have dealt with my fair share of optical stores. This shop is the best place ever especially in terms of customer service. Nancy will dedicate herself to make sure you are happy and satisfied. The selection of frames includes designer brands and is in line with current trends. I cannot say enough wonderful things about this place, you just have to come and check it out for yourself.
Badly needed my hair styled and color retouched. Was assigned Lauren. She was great. Have to commend them for getting me a last minute appointment on a Saturday and being flexible enough to move it up so I could be done earlier at my request. Much appreciated. My hair came out great and felt very relaxed after my pampering. Just hope Lauren is still there in a few months as I have found in this town, they move around a lot. She was great to work with.
We loved our experience at this dental practice. The front office staff is friendly and organized. The back office staff is experienced and very patient with kids. There are movies playing while in the dental chair to help distract kids and keep them entertained. It's also a modest size so it's not like a factory setting of chairs in an open area like some pediatric offices. Each area is a private room and not an over-stimulating environment to further amp up the kids. Dr Baek is an amazing dentist. She is thorough, honest and knowledgeable. Highly recommended.Dr Campbell is equally amazing! Very patient in dealing with my children. Appreciate her bedside manner and decision-making. She answered all my questions thoroughly and our visit went very smoothly.I love everything about this practice. Highly recommend it!
Huge menu selection to satisfy anyone. This location always packed at prime hours. Servers are okay. Sometimes a little inattentive on checking on you. Food is yummy like all the places in the chain. Portions are big so eat half and save room for dessert. The cheesecake is super rich so eat half and save for a late night snack.
I first came here with some business colleagues for a quick bite to eat. I can't say enough good things about this place! The food consists of Bulgarian and Russian inspired dishes. Portions are average size and I'd suggest ordering a few things to share with your party. I recommend the bacon wrapped dates and the grape leaves. You'll definitely find foods that are very unique compared to other usual fare. Every item I have tried is delicious and seasoned well. They even have a secret spice blend to put in your olive oil for bread dipping.The place is small inside with half being dining and half is a marketplace. But it's a pleasant ambience.The service was super friendly and the servers are happy to answer any questions about the menu. They are always perfectly attentive and the kitchen serves up food fresh and quickly. I highly recommend this place especially if you're looking for something a little different to try eating!
Always a huge selection of movies here. Clean and spacious theaters. Concession stand is bit pricey but the food tastes better than other typical movie places. They are a bit slow getting your order to you, so leave a little more time for that if you are trying to be on time for your show.
Good job, Best Buy. I walked in when the store opened. I was the first customer roaming around the computer section waiting for ANYONE in the store to assist me. I was planning to buy a computer on the spot but just needed someone to help me narrow it down. I waited for 20 minutes before asking the customer service girl at the desk to send someone over. Waited another 20 minutes and still no one. So I started to leave. I made sure to speak with the manager by this point and let him know they just lost a big sale. Of course, he had no excuse except "there are only 2 specialists in that area". I mentioned that I was the first customer in the area and stood there for 40 minutes and I saw no one around. He offered to help, but by this point, I am not giving any of my hard earned dollars to this store. Will just buy it on Amazon through Prime and get great customer service to a company who values that. Best in the West.....I think NOT!
I usually go through the drive thru, but if there is a huge line, I will go inside. The drive thru service is nice. Staff quite friendly. When you go inside, they are not quite as friendly. Kinda odd since its the same people. I suppose it is easier to be friendly over an intercom than in person? Other than that this is your typical Starbucks. Parking near the store is tight. My only real gripe is they have a limited food menu since most of the items are gone unless you are there in the morning.
Love having this location in Centennial Hills! This TJ has the usual stuff but it's by far the most spacious one of the locations in Vegas. Parking is much better at this location than the Buffalo or Summerlin stores. So excited to have this store in my neighborhood. All the workers are super friendly
This has become our Halloween season tradition. We come every year. Rides, carnival food, petting zoo, and photo ops. Perfect place for our toddler aged kids. This is a great option if you don't feel like the big hike and long lines of Gilcrease Orchard. A quaint way to get the same feel.
Holy hell! This review directly corresponds with the attitude and attentiveness of the front desk. IF YOU ARE THAT UNHAPPY WITH LIFE AND YOUR JOB, DO EVERYONE A FAVOR AND QUIT! Not one person in the waiting room wants to hear your backlashed attitude and tone, let alone the confused and usually misguided seniors whom require your services. I have listened to this employee belittle and talk down to different customers for two hours now. I am not a customer here but my mother is required to get tests from this lab. I will be finding another lab after today and inquiring about a higher authority to deal with this. I hope this review helps steer people away from the emotion abuse and disrespect that spews from these employees mouths. I understand the process of setting up an appointment and being punctual when arriving, plus having all the required information. With that said though, there is no reason for your blatant disregard of decency or respect for others.
The hotel visit was TERRIBLE.  The staff were SO rude.  They got annoyed when I asked for directions from the parking garage to our room.  (It was legitimately a MAZE)  I was charged a $100 incidental fee that I was told wouldn't be refunded for a week.  I was told this is standard.  NOT TRUE.  I have NEVER been charged a fee like this before and I stay in hotels all across the country.  Had to wait 30 minutes to register because there weren't enough people working.  Our room was at the far end of the hotel.  I told them that my mother-in-law had mobility issues and they assured me that it would be a problem.  She literally had to stop and rest 3 times because the rooms were so far away from the front desk.  THIS WAS A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!  DO NOT stay at this hotel!!!!
Located inside Caesars, this place was a little challenging to find. Payard is known for their gourmet chocolates but I was curious about their baked goods. Come prepared to wait and seating is very limited. The Almond Croissant (only $4) was amazing and worth the wait. The Iced Caramel Macchiato wasn't worth the $6 and disappointing, and the chocolate croissant was ok. Next time I'm sticking to the chocolates and almond croissant. I spent $31 on 2 iced macchiato, a parfait, and 2 croissants. Breakfast fail.  I give this place four stars only for their chocolates and the almond croissant.
After you're seated (1 hour wait on a Saturday afternoon), there's an additional 30-40 minutes until your food is served from the time you order. There are no appetizers on the menu. Biscuits are $2 each. Overpriced and over hyped if you ask me. It's definitely a tourist spot.
We're from California where healthy/socially conscious is all the rage. Whole Foods in our area is a big go to spot for fresh smoothies. This place is only 4 miles off the strip and pride themselves on providing a healthy, organic, and locally sourced eating experience. We came here for breakfast and I can say that it was one of the more memorable breakfasts I've had in Vegas. We ordered 2 smoothies: Veggie Delight and Peach. The Peach smoothie was light and sweet. The Veggie Delight was a hit of unexpected freshness. I had expected it to taste grassy but it's so refreshing with a note of sweetness from the banana. Watch out Whole Foods because this smoothie will give you a run for your money. Their Green Eggs and Ham pide was delicious. I loved the fact that I could get a little bit of the egg yolk on every bite. The pide dough on its own was good but then you add the egg, the ham, and the pesto and its just yummy goodness in your mouth. Seasoned just right. Its definitely not your normal egg breakfast. I can't wait to come back and try some of their other pides.
Food is great! The atmosphere is great, went there during the summer . Music came in all forms of genres. It's a small place, about 20 people seat capacity. Will recommend
If you haven't eaten here, you are missing out. This place is amazing.  Authentic Peruvian food, cooked to perfection. I do not regret trying this place and will be back.
Went to this BBQ joint because another restaurant had an hour wait. Much to our surprise this place surpassed all of our expectations and this will be a must see slot every time we come to vegas!!! The staff is super friendly and the food was insane!!!
Definitely, don't bother with any other- essence IS THE best is Vegas!!!!! Knowledgeable staff and descriptions of their product.
If I could put negative stars, I WOULD!!! This is the worst office I could imagine. Not only are the staff completely rude and misinformed, they have no clue how to be empathetic, let alone listen to what the patient has to say. They flat out refuse to do their job and are obviously only out for the money- as they fill the waiting room and make patients that are in pain sit there for hours in uncomfortable chairs. Literally waiting for hours to be called into the office. And then you wait for nearly that for the DR to come in. Ridiculous..
Worst fastfood restaurant ever. Get in the drive through and no one talked to me. Stuck in there for 20 mins for nothing. Fucking dumb ass restaurant
The rice that came with my loco moco was hard and crunchy like it came from the bottom of the pot and was just left overs. The hamburger patty in the loco moco was the size of a hamburger from a McDonald's kids meal cheeseburger. The server only came to check up on us after we were done eating and I had to wait forever for my water to get refilled.
I am placing this review about their repair costs and I must say that I am absolutely appalled with the new owners, my family has been using this shop for ten or so years, under the old owner. Came in to get a simple weld done to me chaise system and replace a rusted Falange on the catalog converter , they quoted with a 420$ cost for maybe fifteen minutes of work and  20$ in part cost. Needless to say we will not be coming to these scammers who assumed I did not know what parts cost because I am a younger male.
I've been trying to think of the words to express my experience here, but first I had to check Yelp's policy on "maximum characters". I was disappointed to see it capped at 5000, because I could write a thousand times that -- and it would only cover the first hour I had to endure here.If I had to boil down the 5 million letters of this hypothetical anthology, it would be tough, but I'll give it a try. In three worlds, Drais Las Vegas is HELL ON EARTH.First off, when you go to a pool in Vegas, a large part of the vibe is the "scene". Beautiful people, tanned bodies, stylish swimwear. Women and men alike indulge their voyeuristic tendencies from the comfort of a pool chair as they sip cocktails and bask in the scorching Las Vegas sun.Well, at Drais you can expect a slightly different experience.The people-watching here is categorically abysmal. If you want to get an idea of what we had to look at, go to your nearest Sizzler restaurant and picture everyone there in swimwear plucked from a roadside clothing donation box. To put it another way: When you're a group of average-looking people celebrating someone's 40th birthday, you don't want to be "the hot group" at the club.But it's not just the sub-par crowd or the $595 per bottle of liquor paired with expired mixers from the 99 Store that makes Drais so awful.None of this holds a candle to the colossally inept people that run this place.Their consideration of client experience is non-existent.For starters, they told us upon reserving a bungalow that we'd have a safe for valuables. Upon arrival, we found the safe was missing. CUT TO: The $2800 that the organizer of our group had collected from us went missing from the drawer they told us to put it in.Next, they tried to eject one of the girls in our group for dancing. Not sure what the impetus was, but given the rapey vibes the women in our group experienced from the staff, I think it was so they could separate her from the group and commit sexual assault without their workplace-permitted ankle monitors going off.At this point I'm 2/3rd of the way through the character limit, so I need to jump to some bullet points.Here's some "features" you can expect to find at the day club:-Drais has somehow perfected the magic Goldilocks pool temperature whereby it's warm enough for bacteria to breed and thrive, yet too cold for a human to comfortably stay in the water for more than two minutes, even when it's 100 outside.-Not sure if they're trying to cut costs by eliminating their chlorine budget, but the water didn't have that slightly clinical "clean pool" smell that gives you peace of mind when bathing with 500 randos in Las Vegas -- rather, it smelled like a wet sponge in a frat house kitchen.-Enough hair in the pool to loom-weave about 50 shoulder-length wigs.Honestly, if the pool wasn't so unsanitary, they might consider a partnership with Locks-for-Love to at least do some good for the world.-No access to drinking water.After spending a combined total of nearly $5000, they denied us access to complimentary water, and instead charged us another $80 for 6 small Evian bottles.-Furniture that you couldn't get rid of on the Craigslist "free" section.About two hours into our event -- as if a sign from God that we should flee -- a torrential rain began.We retreated for cover to the interior section of the cabana we'd rented.On par for the course, a security guard -- who I think I recognized from Season 2 of "To Catch a Predator" -- told us he would not let us close the rain curtain for "visibility reasons". Believe it or not, the coup d'tat was what happened AFTER we left.A few hours later, I realized that in my cathartic exodus from the club, I'd left my tab open at one of the side bars.I returned in the evening to reclaim it, where I found their night crew had taken over. I didn't think it was possible for these employees to be any worse than day shift -- I was tragically wrong. Long story short, I was at the airport 3 hours before my flight home filling out a "lost ID" form.Seeing as though I'm trying to fit ten pounds of shit in a five pound bag, I won't get to everything, so I want to make one thing clear.Some might see Drais as an "insurance plan". As in:If you can't get into one of the decent pool clubs, you should give it a try. But I advise against this in the strongest possible terms.In a city known for highs and lows, this place is the irrefutable nadir. I'm barely being hyperbolic when I say there were drunk passengers on the maiden voyage of the Titanic that had a better experience with alcohol and swimming in cold water than we had at Drais.With the ambience and clientele of a flooded trailer park, this shouldn't be your last choice of pool day clubs. It literally should not even be on the list.You'd have a more pleasant people-watching experience at Luxor's "BODIES" exhibit, and you can swim in cleaner water at the Venetian's gondola canals.
Great place! My parents and I visited here last week and we had a pleasant evening here. It's easy to make reservation online, and they called me on the day to confirm the reservation. Servers were all very friendly. Food was great as well, especially the lobster sashimi a must try!  It's been a long time since i last had lobster sashimi, and I didn't remember raw lobster could taste this good! I would prob give it one more star if the sashimi platter has more varieties...instead of having 3 types of tuna...For main entree we had the Aburi sushi, which is good. I haven't tried that before and since my mom couldn't eat a lot cold stuff (stomach problem), this was perfect for her.  In general this is a great place and when my bf comes to town I will probably bring him over again.
Great variety of food and everything is delicious - food alone deserves 4 stars.However, the servers seemed friendly when they all shouted to welcome you while you walked in...later you would find they just too busy to give you some proper attention...The other thing.. this places is WAYYYY TOO NOISY and CHAOTIC than I can accept....maybe because I don't go to pub/club/drinking places a lot and this place is definitely not for me...I planned to catch up with a friend at dinner but I couldn't hear her at all and I have to YELL to hear my own voice....too much for me...IF YOU PLAN TO HAVE ANY CONVERSATION DURING DINNER, DON'T GO TO THIS PLACE!!!
I love this place! I've spend about 7 months in Toronto this year and Jacob is def one of best restaurants I have visited during my stay! I went with my parents and two other friends. We were running a bit late for our reservation but the hostess and servers were very patient and friendly. My friends arrived first and they were able to sit at our table while waiting for us. Now the steaks. I'm a huge fan of steaks and have been to quite a few steakhouses in NYC. I had to say, Jacob offered one of the best steaks I've ever had. Both my mom and I ordered one of the Japanese meat (one was 4oz for $80 and the other was 8oz for $160). I can't remember the names and I don't know why it was not on the menu anymore. I am really bad at names and I regret that I didn't take a picture of the menu.  Both cuts had more fat in it than normal steaks, and both were super juicy and tender, cooked to perfection. The 4oz one had a very unique taste and our waiter explained to us that the cattle are growing up eating a special kind of mushroom so it  manifested in the taste of the meat. It was heavenly!! Unfortunately now I can't recall the name and I can't find it in other place either. We ordered some appetizers and sides to share - they were decent. This is steakhouse so my rating was mainly for the steak. Regarding the price, I don't think it was too bad, we spend about $800+ for 5 people, which is quite reasonable, if you compare it to those fancy restaurants in NYC.
I just recently relocated from NYC to Toronto. I always wanted to try this place while I was living in NYC but i heard there's always long line at dinner time..But honestly I am not a huge fan of Ramen and I can't really distinguish good ones from bad ones (been to Ippudo & totto in NYC and was not impressed whatsoever..)That said, I do like this place. I was a bit surprised that when my bf and I walked in around 6pm on a Thursday evening  we were seated immediately. No waiting at all! We were sited at the bar watching the kitchen area, which was kinda fun. Server was friendly.Now the food:Momofuku Ramen - my bf LOVES ramen and he gave a high appraisal. I only sipped a bit of the soup and that was enough for me-- it has a VERY STRONG meaty taste, which exactly why my bf likes it, and I cant really stand...I'm not a big meat-lover and I can't take certain "meat" flavor/taste, and this had it. But i think if you love meat like my bf or many other people, you might find this taste pretty enjoyable. Shiitake buns - this taste great but a bit on the salty side. Ginger scallion noodles - I LOVE LOVE this!! This is heaven!! It's full of flavors though it only has veggies and may look bland. Again i'm not a fan of ramen, but I can't wait to go back and have this again! Japanese yam (side) - it's yam..it makes you full..we didn't really eat much of it since we were pretty much filled by our ramens and buns. I packed it home and had it on the second day - it was actually pretty good.pudding - sticky date -  this is the only thing that disappointed me...it came on the dry side and nothing really like a "pudding." Overall we had a great dinner - a very satisfied one. Prob will go back again.
Been here twice, and the second time I came especially for their mussels...  I LOVE MUSSELS! The simple fact that they have so many varieties of mussels on their menu is enough to make me exicited. I've tried 3 flavors of them: Spicy Red Thai, New England Style and Brussels Mussels. I'd say the Spicy Red Thai is my favorite! Their mussels are very fresh. Totally enjoyed it. Besides the mussels, I also had the cheese fondue, Belgian Frites and the Rainbow trout salad. The fondue is ok - like Melting Pot better. Frites - I can never tell the differences of fries...they are taste the same to me..I did love the trout salad though; it was a big portion with decent amount of trout. Pretty nice. I don't really drink so I can't comment on the beer part, though i guess that's the reason why most people are here. But I know I will def come back soon, when I crave for mussels next time!
Love the dessert shots! Lots of choices and good for parties!~
This is a 3.5 star.  We came in around noon on Sunday morning for brunch, and waited about 5 mins for a nice patio seat. We enjoyed the atmosphere a lot but the food was par.  My bf and I shared the mushroom Benny and cheesecake-stuffed french toast. Nothing really impressive. Rather, the stuffed french toast was a bit disappointed. After reading many praises for it on Yelp i was really looking forward to it. But it just failed to live up to my expectation...the cheesecake part is a bit too heavy, and there's not enough fruits/jam to balance it. It felt a bit too heavy. Overall nice experience, worth trying.
Mid-core steakhouse. Nothing fancy.  Here's what we had:Appetizer: goat cheese - this tastes great! though I was on a diet and couldn't have too much cheese, I did enjoy every single bite I had. Steak: filet mignon - i'm not a meat-lover, but I do love steaks. Or should I say I do love filet mignon, because that's the only steak I eat. So i've had filet mignon for many many times in different restaurants, including some top steakhouses in NYC and some michelin 3-starred restaurants. While, I have to say, the steak here is just ok. I ordered blue-rare and it wasn't as rare as i usually had. Even after I had been craving for steaks for days, this filet mignon failed to delight me. Dessert: Passion brulee. Was happy it comes in small portions so that I could satisfy my sweet tooth without taking too much carbs. Well, but this one disappointed me. It missed the creamy part of creme brulee and I didn't taste a bit of passion fruit. Overall, a-ok place. Service was good and ambiance was pleasant. But prob won't go back for the steaks.
I was expecting more from this place...but it's just "A-OK." Food is nice but nothing impressive; tea doesn't have too much varieties. The most important thing I consider for afternoon tea--the ambience/atmosphere-- here is not as good as i would imagine. Perhaps because we had a large party sitting next to us and they were pretty loud and had people walking around/taking pics all the time... One good thing is they didn't kick us out even though we stayed for 3 hours (I heard that for Windsor you can only stay up to 2 hours for afternoon tea); but they did stopped adding hot water to our teapots at some point.
Came in twice while I was in Toronto. I was a bit surprises by the number of ramen places in Toronto. I visited probably about 7~8 of them, well, this one didn't really stand out. The first time I came with my husband in mid afternoon so we didn't really need to wait. After that I had no intention to come back, but a friend insisted I should try the caviar rice with noodle soup, and there was the second time. Because it was a Friday evening we waited about over half an hour - not too bad compared to the wait time of totto/ippudo in NYC, but I honestly don't think it worth the time at all. My friend taught me to pour noodle soup over the caviar rice and eat it together. It was not bad, but I can imagine you probably could find that in any decent ramen/Japanese restaurant. So, still nothing impressive.
We really liked this place. Went with a groupon and I think it's well worthy it. It's a nice sub for Guu for us, with similar food but much lower noise level. Server is nice too. Recommend it if you are in the area craving for izakaya type of food.
One of our favorite lunch place in Toronto!! I've been to Congee Queen for a couple of times at different locations and none of them has disappointed me! Definitely worth five stars!!My favorite dishes:  - Chili Turnip Patties - the clam congee- eel stir fried rice ()- the milk-pudding-like dessert () Service is always good too, though most of the times we do need to wait for a couple minutes. But once you sit and order, the dishes will be served fast. And last but not least, this place is super CHEAP! Can't ask for more for that price. Will def continue  coming back!
I really liked this place!  Went there 3 times during my mom's 5-day visit to Toronto and she enjoyed that place very much!!  She loves dim sum but she is also picky on the atmosphere. As you all have known, many Chinese restaurants have great food but less elegant. This place is perfect! It's quiet and nicely decorated. Service is impeccable. It has dim sum till 4pm which is also good for some late lunch.Some people said it's over-priced - my mom def wouldn't agree. First of all the food tastes amazing (the ginger milk pudding  is worthy of special mentioning). Second of all, everything is in relatively large portion. My mom hasn't tried many places in Toronto so she can't compare, but she believes our experiences here well worth every penny we paid. Brought my bf here for dinner once too, and and he said it is indeed much more expensive than most Chinese restaurant (esp if you order seafood). But he also gives compliments for the food as well.Will keep this place at my top list and surely will come back once a while.
My friend and I came here on a Friday night for dinner. I like the atmosphere, it's simple and elegant. Servers are very friendly too. My friend has been here for a couple times and she really loves the grilled fish, and that's also the reason she brought me here. So I'll start with the grilled fish. I think it's pretty good - very crispy on the skin and tender inside, nice blend of sides of veggies, and it was a large fish (maybe it'll less so if you order the de-boned fillet). I def did not disappoint. Other dishes we got:- Watermelon and Feta Salad: I really loved this; gave me a perfect start of the night- Grilled Calamari: my friend ordered this and I tried a bite, it's not bad. I'm not a fan of calamari but this one is full of flavor and not as chewy as the calamaris i had before. And the portion is big for an appetizer.- Chocolate mousse - not a fan of chocolate dessert, but my friend liked it, very silky but very sweet too. - Figs and Greek Yogurt: OMG this is heavenly!!! My friend brought me here for the fish but I know I will definitely come back for the yogurt!!I It's the THICKEST and most creamy yogurt i've never tasted. If you are a fan of greek yogurt, you absolutely don't want to miss this!! Thant said, this place is still a bit over-priced. Our total bill was $198 (inc. tax and tips)  and it surprised me a bit. Things were good,  but just as another yelper said, it's just failed to make me feel it worth every penny.
Overpriced Chinese food due to its location.
Very plain dim sum, nothing fancy at all..was a bit disappointed.As Yelp describes it: "A-OK."
A friend of my highly recommended this place so I had to give it try. Waited about 20 mins on a Friday night, which was fine. Waiter and host were both friendly. The food was okay. The spicy garlic ramen looked special so my husband ordered that. It has a strong garlic taste, but besides that it really isn't that special. Alert: DO NO ORDER THIS IF YOU ARE ON A DATE!  I could smell the garlic on my hubby the whole night after dinner even after tons of mints, and as you can imagine, it was not pleasant/romantic at all! I had the cheese ramen, and that was lackluster too. I was expecting more of it, while it turned out to be pretty straightforward: cheese, and ramen. The mix of the two didn't bring too much synergies of fancy flavors. Another note, I am very not sure it was because the soup was a bit greasy than normal ramen, or because it had a larger portion (which i don't think so), for the first time both my husband and I didn't finish the entire bowl. Definitely does not stand out among the many ramen places in Toronto.
You'll see pretty much everyone in this section raving about the Stetson Chopped Salad, and granted it is an amazing combination of flavors and textures. But Cowboy Ciao is much more. The ambience is a perfect reflection of the Valley of the Sun - western vibe, upscale but not stuffy. Service is friendly but not overbearing, our waitress was knowledgeable about all things edible and quaffable. Some inventive house made cocktails (Pastrami and Rye w pastrami bitters and maple syrup?), and a ridiculous wine list. Flavors of the Southwest are reflected in most items on the menu, with some global flair tossed in. The Buffalo Carpaccio melted in my mouth, and the chili cumin rub hung out afterwards alongside the smoky aioli. My cast-iron skillet seared lamb was great on its own, but the manchego leek risotto took it over the top. My wife's chicken fried trout was so good, I ate the leftovers cold for breakfast. How does a dish go well with both Cabernet and coffee?Four days later, back home in snowy cold Boston, we wish we were back in sunny Scottsdale. Thankfully, we have memories of Cowboy Ciao to cling to.
Stopped for a vegan soft serve. It was sooo good I am sad I didn't have time to eat more from this place. A must for any fan of sweet treats.
Stopped here on a road trip and loved it! Such great vegan options and a nice, chill vibe. Dog friendly patio and good brunch options. I recommend the cauliflower tacos
Been here 3 years! When we first moved in the lady in charge was so great. She left after about 3 months of me living here, it's been going down hill ever since. Then it was called Camden Summit. They use to actually care for their tenants, pass out goody bags from time to time. Even send birthday cards. Anyway I gave it 1 star because I am feed up, Camden was not great and these people may be worst. They don't even give receipts after paying rent. I got pictures of stains on my roof from water damage, as well as pictures and video of my garage flooding because my garage door does not have a efficient water seal. My front door is not flush to the floor so when it's windy I have dust and leaves in my foyer. The cabinets have holes from where I guess the old hinges were, so for sure they are not new. Appliances are new however when my wife (key word my wife) went to open the refrigerator the handle literally broke off. My wife is 5'5 and maybe a buck 30, not strong at all. Called so they can fix it but nobody came so needles to say there is no handle on the fridge. Tonight I was washing my work clothes and when I tried to turn the dryer on the start button fell off. It's one of those twist start buttons so when the knob fell I figured simple enough I will just put it back on, well when I go to put it on I then realized the metal piece that it attaches to is not there. So now I'm sitting here writing this review because I am just fed up. I good easily write more but this is good for now.For more reviews search Camden summit or summit... Not these people but same old apartments*update 12/30This place still sucks and I can't wait till my lease is up fridge handle is still broke
Wow I hope the food is better then the wait...me and my wife ordered 2 things scrambled eggs and French toast... It took well over 20mins...and there was about 7 cooks back there and nobody waiting in front of us...their excuse was they were preparing for some catering event...this allows me to assume that the management sucks...if you have 7 cooks in the kitchen and a ticket comes in as easy as scrambled eggs and French toast... And it takes 20 minutes that means someone is not delegating priority properly...But its a nice place...the host was nice...but I would come back just to see if it happens again...
The worst billing department in history! A few years ago I went to get some X-rays which my doctor ordered. They checked my insurance and tried to tell me I didn't have coverage. Which was wrong because I have had the same insurance for the last 5 years or so, anyhow the lady at the front told me she couldn't let me back to get X-rays without insurance. So since it was Friday I had trouble contacting my insurance company to figure out what was going on, I ended up coming back that Monday. Found out my Insurance had my wife's birthday mixed up with Mine, so when they called to verify with my birthday it was coming up wrong. Now that was resolved they let me back there and I got my X-ray done. Fast forward a month or so and I receive a bill from them saying I owe for the X-ray. So immediately I call asking why am I getting billed and not my insurance. Answer I got from billing was something like the front desk lady told me and said "you are not covered." So I told him the story about making sure he called and gives the right Birthday and he then responded saying "well he can't bill them twice" and basically he wanted me to contact them and get them to pay for it. I responded and said do your job and resubmit the paper work because you guys wouldn't even let me in the back to take X-rays until you knew I was covered. Fast forward a few months later and I receive another bill for the same X-ray. So now my wife calls pissed and explains how we have the exact same insurance and she was never billed for her X-ray so why was I getting billed. After a long talk we thought it was resolved. Fast forward to now which is almost two years later. I am looking at my credit and they sent my bill to collectors. WTF so because you are to lazy to bill my insurance the right way you ding my credit. What type of establishment is this. They have to be the biggest bunch of frauds in the world. Especially when I called multiple times trying to get this resolved. I have no problems with my insurance anywhere else, I have great insurance. I rarely have to pay for anything, so why would I pay a bill when I knew I was covered. My insurance even told me to tell them to resend the bill, which I told them and apparently they never did. I can't stand lazy workers. Just plain lazy and wanted me to do his leg work. Now I have to do leg work to get this off my credit. It's a shame that places like this exist. Never would I go here again and never would I recommend them to anyone.
Not that great but it was OK that's why I gave 3 stars. I think there are better buffets out there, but this price on the strip is ideal for the stop prices that is.
I love wing stop wings but this location sucks bad! I went after work last night because I was tired and didn't want to cook of course. Well first things first I am a Chef and know how long some wings should take, well they took forever about 40min to come out and it wasn't even busy. That alone made me curious to if my wings are sitting or going to be extremely over cooked. Well I got home ready to eat and took a bite of my first wing, it was beyond over cooked. So over cooked I couldn't even eat it it was like trying to eat a rock. There are no wing stops close to my house so I had to go to this location but I will never go back again. Hopefully all locations are not like this one. Also there was a couple that came in about five minutes after me and sat at the bar, they got their food 10 minutes before me that pissed me off as well. Just a bad wing stop all around from FOH to BOH... Avoid them and go else where.
Great place...just look for the deals...or download the app and use your 40% off coupon. ..best place for home decor and arts and crafts
Great spot...came here about a month ago for the first time after 13 years of not getting a hair cut (had long hair) First cut by Ron Ron was good...Second cut by Bray-low was even better...none of the barbers are week from what I see though...typical barbershop talk...I was skeptical at first being from LA but they made me a believer. .
3 stars only because it is In N Out but the customer service I have come accustom too are not here at this location. I go back every now and again just to see if they have gotten better but its the total opposite. The food is also not the standard In N Out typically puts out but hey its Burgers and Fries so I don't expect much.
I have mixed reviews about this place. The first couple times I went during the day the cook made our food pretty good. But later in the day I think it's the owner cooking but it's not as good. Even heard him talking one night I went and he said he was stretching the chili (watering it down). So I guess you take your chance going.
Good food great people... 4 stars only because I was comparing them to a place back home and they didn't meet the same level but that's just me... they are worth going to though...
Went here earlier just to check it out because its near by my house...turns out to be a really cool place if your into fitness...prices are a dollar or two lower than average but they have everything you need from proteins to food...also got a lot of help from nutritionists...
Frankly, this was mediocre. It wasn't particular bad, just not really special either. The food was alright, it felt a lot like chipotle, only less choices and less aromatic. I wish they would have seasoned the soy nuggets a bit more. If you ever had Dolores in Berlin, you'll be disappointed. Service was not unfriendly but I doubt we'll be back soon.
This resort is pretty great for the price. We are staying on a Saturday for 1 night. Check in at the lobby was very easy. We came at 3pm (check in time), but we were the only ones here, which was great!I was here for a concert, so I wasn't looking to splurge on the weekend, needing fancy amenities and such. The pool in the center of the hotel walkway is nice, music playing on speakers as you walk to your room.The hot water was a little tricky since there aren't any red/blue signs on the handle... just turn it and wait, then turn it the other way.For a little over $100 total for a Saturday night booking, you get a lot more than expected.. even motels were more expensive than here!
Just okay. We came on a Wednesday around 5pm and only 2 other people there. Ordered the forest hills burger, fried chicken, Morningside, and full macaroni and cheese. I'm not a fan of Bleu cheese (included with the burger) so I asked for cheddar but was told it would be an up charge. Why do you charge more for cheese when you are replacing with another cheese? Food came out and fries were cold and macaroni wasn't cooked the whole way. Burgers were a little small but tasted good. Chicken was nice sized. We had a Groupon but don't think we'd come back without another one. $14 for each burger, too expensive for what you get. Can go elsewhere for cheaper and better burger and fries
Good but nothing great. We ordered Hawaiian, meat lovers, and 6 buffalo wings. Pizza was a little soggy but you got generous toppings. Sauce was ok but too much crust. Wings were large in size and the buffalo was hot. Price for the amount you get and the service was good
We've been here a few times now. Service and food always great. Ordered the chicken tikka masala 5 and chicken vindaloo 7, naan bread. Flavorful and spicy. Check for Groupon or deals, worth going to!
Decent Chinese restaurant. Been here a few times now. Prices are very responsible considering being right by the area, along with portion sizes.
Worth the wait. Come early before any event at PPG paints arena. Pizza is excellent. Full of toppings, not soggy, and comes out hot. Salads are massive and can be split with two people. Hot wings with homemade sauce is tasty as well. Haven't ordered anything we haven't liked. Pineapple bacon pizza
Stopped before coming to a show at heinz hall. We ordered the inside out grilled cheese. It was awesome! I'm usually weary about ordering grilled cheese anywhere since you can make so cheap at home but the waiter suggested it. Stuffed with cheese, bacon, tomato, then burnt cheese wrapped around the bread. It was large portion and could only eat half. Definitely a must order. Leftovers were just as good. Waiter was friendly and helpful
20+ year customer. Service, quality, and taste has always been top notch. Hands down, my favorite Chinese restaurant. I cannot eat egg rolls or won ton soup anywhere else as these are the best I've had. Anywhere. We always order the usual: egg roll, won ton soup, sweet and sour chicken, shrimp with lobster sauce, and general tso chicken. Highly recommend! We make a 30 minute drive just to eat here
Grilled cheese for days. Eaten here a few times now. Had the Mac attack, pierogie, and blarney stoner before. All good but pricey. $12-13 for fancy grilled cheese, chips, and tomato soup. Service usually slow but they are busy. I download an app to make a reservation. But I tried to change it and wouldn't work. I then tried to call the business directly but the voice mail was full. No actual person answers the phone.
Saw this place on Guy Feddi's show and thought I would check it out. The pizza we had was the cheesesteak and the mozzarella sticks. It was amazing. It was busy but totally worth it.
It was terrible experience. I walked in and they said can't wait sorry. There was one person waiting. What is going on really? Sorry you just lost business
The driver had a northern  accent  and was RUDE just like most northerns . And i watched  him go into a restaurant  and lie about ordering  food  early . Told them he got it from drive thru and it was  old so they  apologize  and gave him free food.  It was all a lie he hadn't  even been there.  You should  hire better  class  of people .  Would  give a zero if allowed
Our trip started out with a twist - our room was not available due to a wedding party staying late.  After a short and friendly discussion with the manager, we got back on the right track.  The room we got was large, tall ceilings, large bathrooms, and great seating area.  All modern amenities, nothing seems dated in the rooms or common areas of the hotel.  Bed was a little too soft for us but it didn't ruin the experience.  Nice gym, would be better with exterior windows.  The attached restaurant and bar is a proper establishment - too bad we had so many other choices.   You can't beat the location - near the Notre Dame Basillica - walking distance to the Old Port area.  Again, I was impressed with the consistent friendliness of the staff.  Maybe a bit pricey but worth the indulgence.
I've been impressed with Montreal cuisine and Chez Delmo hits a high note in classic french seafood.  The restaurant is close to the Notre Dame Basillica but still in a quiet location. The ambiance is refined and classic but comfortable. Jackets would not be out of the ordinary but clearly not required.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the dishes.  I chose the halibut, my wife had the mussels with oysters, and our oldest child had the filet migon.  The halibut was buttery smooth with a delicately crispy crust - wonderful.  My wife said the oysters were the best she has had - all locally sourced.  The steak was great.  I was impressed that they used a more fatty cut of filet.  A must do for Montreal.
We liked this so much that we returned for another dinner and it was as good as before.  We tried a few more dishes but we also had to go back to the dishes that made us fall in love.  Try the Iberian pork dish - sublime.  Fortunately the portion sizes allow us to try everything. Sadly the churros portion was not big enough for my wife and my two big boys. So we ordered 2 servings! We will be back the next we're in Montreal.
Awesome experience. We went as a family and qualified to repeat. Not that this means we jump out of a plane though. David, our instructor, was knowledgeable, patient and provided useful guidance. We did the 4 min package which gave us time to get proficient. Relax and have fun because over thinking is the problem. Definitely fun for all ages.
Probably a great place for a night time drink. Not so much for a meal. The decor is okay but there were a lot of bugs and broken glass in the cabanas. Odd they chose not to address that when we pointed it out. Food is ok at best. The view from the dining area is poor as it is sunken. So there is no river view. You are better off going across the street to a proper restaurant.
Outstanding sushi!  Both standard fare and items off the beaten path.  Try the Chef Special or Tasting menu. Not what I expected when I walked into this place.
My husband and I dined at Nico Heirloom kitchen twice this week and are so excited to see how the kitchen continues to turn out innovative and delightful cuisine. There are always new options as well as the tried and true favorites. Gilbert is truly blessed to have an establishment of this caliber,if you are ready to raise your bar try Nico soon. By the way ask for Nathan, a seasoned, knowledgeable server!
We dine regularly here and  enjoy the very fresh seafood.  The staff is wonderful as well.Fresh oysters, shrimp, and great fish entrees. Always a very good experience!
My husband and I drove from Gilbert after seeing an article in Phoenix magazine.The hostess barely acknowledged our presence and seated us. The staff was slowand it seems they all had an attitude. We ordered two glasses of wine as well as asking for a tequila reposado.  The waiter never returned with the tequila availability.  We had an appetizer of baby artichokes in an aoli sauce which was quite good.  The asparagus appetizer followed and was bland and not well thought out.  It took over 15 minutes to clear the asparagus plates as well. Dinner entrees followed which were good. Our biggest concernwas the staff, numerous servers, waiter hardly there to check on our dining. In closing it was not worth the trip.
Worst service ever! Waited forever to get a table. Waitress all seem unhappy working there. Some dishes are very salty. It's really dark inside, food comes so slow. Don't waste your time and money going there. If you want to have izakaya or bar drinks, go anywhere else! Keep away from there!
We were here a yr ago and really enjoyed the food. This time it was 100% worst - food quality was bad and for $20 for buffet for dinner, it was really not worth it. If they don't change food quality. It's matter of time before this place disappears!
The best brunch I've ever had. We had to wait ten minutes for a table so we were served complimentary, fresh squeezed orange juice. Good coffee and nice service. Brunch itself was great and menu has too many good choices to choose from!
A must stop! Great menu of cocktails, we couldn't decide which to choose and ended up staying awhile and sharing many. Service was nice and quick. Drinks served in cute mason jars which matched the overall modern feel and atmosphere of the place. Great for meeting up with 1-5 friends
I would give this restaurant negative stars if I could. True customer service shows through when there is an incident. Unfortunately this restaurant responds very poorly to incidents. The servers here would have let my friend die on the floor if it meant we didn't file a report.But we did file a report. Both myself and my boyfriend got food poisoning from bad foie gras. We tasted it--it tasted funky--so we sent it back, only to be snubbed by the servers. Then 30 min later we went to the bathroom to vomit. We told the servers and they did nothing for us. After about 15 min, they finally called a professional inspector to file a food safety report.A full 30 min later, the food safety guy finally came over. At that same time, my other friend was walking back from the bathroom and took a horrendous spill on their slippery floor, hitting her chin and spraining her ankle badly. It swelled like twice the normal size within minutes. The most horrible part: For literally 10 sec, not a single server came to help her. There were like 10 servers there, and they just watched her writhe on the floor in pain.The inspector ended up filing a report for both incidents. We called the manager of the restaurant (Robert Nikodem) to tell him what had happened. We were appalled by the restaurant's lack of response to both incidents, and hoped he would show us some respect and at least apologize for the terrible experiences we had. Unbelievably, the manager actually snapped at us (like literally talked down to us like children!) and then immediately brought us our check. We paid the full $300+ for our meal even though we never even got the other half of the courses we ordered. We want to be clear that we never once tried to get out of paying, yet we were treated like second class citizens and quickly shooed out the door.But we didn't care. All we wanted was to leave that horrible horrible place. You can tell that the culture of a place pervades every person who works there. Unfortunately for Sage, the terrible lack of customer focus pervades each person from the manager down to the servers. I hope the Vegas hospitality gods give this place what's coming to them and shut this place down for good.
I never really liked shawarma but my fianc took me here because he was craving shawarma and yelped this place. Needless to say we love it here. The meat was juicy and one was more than enough to fill me up personally. The place is a little dingy but this truly is a hidden gem in Scarborough.
It was ok. My lettuce was bad and there wasn't enough meat in the sandwich. It's ok cause it wasn't that great. Half way through there I found a hair in the sandwich. Which was surprising cause the restaurant seemed pretty clean. Maybe they should be wearing hair nets.
Sports bar my ass. We went into here to watch the raptors game and they didn't want to play the sound out loud for fear of offending customers. Don't go here if you want to watch an important game. The vibes are just off. The service was slow and when we walked in she was on her cell phone. And we stood there forever. Also the food was so bad. Don't get the poutine. We tried it out. Never again.
It was ok. Not the worst place in the world and not the best. I don't think I would crave the food here or come back anytime soon. My fianc ordered the curry and rice and one chicken was pink, which he didn't enjoy. I ordered the satay beef soup. Which wasn't too spicy in my opinion. I thought it was good but it wasn't life changing or anything. The only reason we decided to check it out was because they're open late.
The customer service here sucks! If you want to walk out of here crying then this is the place for you. I WISH I listened to all the yelp reviews. Stay away from here! I came into David's Bridal because after browsing online I realized they have a lot of reasonably priced wedding dresses I really wanted to try out (plus they were having a sale). I came into my appointment with a ton of dresses I wanted to try on, and styles... My stylist didn't listen to me at all! (I'm the biggest push over and super shy so it's really hard for me to say something). But anyways she brought me a couple of dresses, and I did find a dress I liked but I wanted to try out a sheath style dress (she was brining me ball gowns and mermaid style dresses). I kept asking for the sheath style and she looked at me like I was stupid, and she said there was no dresses like that. I'm pretty sure she just didn't know what kind of dress that was. She just seemed so lazy and didn't want to grab more dresses for me...I only tried on 5 dresses. She pressured me into buying a dress, because my wedding was coming up in a couple of months and freaked me out saying it takes like 14 weeks for it arrive etc. I felt like I was the easiest commission she ever made, but whatever I liked the dress enough and the price was reasonable. I was afraid my dress wouldn't come in time for my wedding so I just bit the bullet and bought it. When I was getting my alterations done, it was done by a nice enough man. He didn't tell me the cost of everything until the very end...just be prepared to spend a pretty penny on alterations. I was happy and ok with all the annoyances with the sales rep... until I went into pick up my dress. IT WAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE. I've NEVER in my life been treated so unfairly, so rudely. I came out of the store mortified, embarrassed and crying my eyes out. I came into the store and was immediately greeted by a rude lady. I couldn't hear her at first and didn't know she was talking to me. She yelled "ALTERATIONS?!" at me like I was an idiot. I immediately apologized and nervously laughed saying, "oh i'm sorry... I didn't hear you the first time. I don't have great hearing." She didn't smile back at me, but she just rolled her eyes at me. She called for someone from alterations to come help me. A lady came in to help me, I showed her my receipt. I was a day late picking up my dress, because I don't drive and nobody at the time could drive me to the shop...I honestly didn't know that I had to call and say I was coming... but the alterations lady rudely went "WHY DIDN'T YOU CALL?! Your appointment was yesterday, my shift is ending at 8. (I came in at 7:30pm)" I apologized and told her that I was sorry I didn't make another appointment to pick it up, and I told her that I could come back another day. She replied saying that she would take me anyways since I was there. I immediately thanked her for her time. Let me just say that I used to be a server at a restaurant so I feel like I have a really high patience level and tolerance for rude people, but the service I got here at David's Bridal was by far the worst I've ever experienced. When I finally got my dress, she didn't bother to ask me if I needed any help. When I asked for help lacing up the back, she didn't want to. She said "I'll just button the top button" The dress was loose on me, how could I possibly see if the alterations I asked for looked right. She refused to help me and constantly rushed me. When I tried to hold my own dress up. My eyes started watering, as I tried to PICTURE...how it would look if it was laced up right. I would try and see if it was the right length etc. This final fitting is supposed to be exciting. It's supposed to be fun. It's supposed to make me cry HAPPY tears not sad ones that I'll be getting married in this dress. She constantly pestered me.. asking if I was done. She didn't even bother to ask me if all the alterations were ok. I couldn't take it anymore. I felt my eyes watering up, because nobody cared that I couldn't see how my dress looked. Nobody cared if I thought it was perfect. I went alone.. and I felt so alone and so sad. I just took off the dress as fast as I could and walked out of the store with tears in my eyes. I'm not sure if it's true but I heard that my dress was supposed to be steamed... she did none of that. She rushed me and couldn't even help me with my dress. I'm a reasonable person. I wouldn't have minded booking another appointment, she's the one who insisted on taking me so close to her shift ending. She constantly reminded me that her shift was ending at 8 and didn't even bother to help me in and out of my dress. She rushed me into signing the release form and kicked me out as fast as she could.I came home and found that there was fabric that didn't lay right that I asked alterations to fix. I'm too sad to ever even go back there and ask for them to fix it.
Really wishing the atmosphere of this place was better. The lady at the register is extremely rude and there is no other noise (music) except her clanking dishes. The pizza is good the wings are good but the service is lacking. Big time.
D-lish! Great sandwich spot. The Dutch Bread is amazing and the meat used tastes great! Can't wait to try all the different kinds of sandwiches!
Sitting in kneaders right now. After a 45 minute wait, we received our food. Two ham and cheese croissant sandwiches two smoothies and a breakfast sandwich. Absolutely ridiculous. When I went to the counter to ask what is taking so long, they replied most people order online. What?? Then why am I standing here with 5 other disgruntled customers? Another woman who has waited as long as me said she wanted a refund and was going to leave. They handed her her food. No offer of a discount free brownie or cookie for her wait. Unbelievable. I will not be back, and I live around the corner.
I love the environment and the people that work there are great. They remembered me after 1 time
Took my mom for her birthday on a Sunday for bottomless mimosas. It was a blast we brought a bunch of family and Fridays and I was actually running late getting out of work and they were super flexible.  I will definitely be coming back
For off the strip it's a great Casino. Stayed in a suite for $435. Kind of pricey for off the strip but space was huge and clean. Pool was nice. Restaurants below average I thought. Nice having two Starbucks.
This place is phenomenal. Hands down best Thai food and restaurant experience we've had in a long time .  Usually, there is one amazing thing on the menu . Not here - so far we have loved everything we have tried . The tea , fire duck entree , the beef salad , chicken kra pow , Thai rolls , and many more !! If you are a Lakewood local , this will be a weekly go to place . The interior is quiet and the staff leave you alone to enjoy the peace . Lastly , the prices are reasonable compared to some Thai and Indian restaurants . We enjoyed our double entree , single app meal with tea for $26. (There was enough food for three )
This place has the most flavorful root beer !  The pretzels and pierogis were pretty damn awesome too. As to the bar space - very spacious and there is no pressure to push people out . This is something I very much appreciate , allows you to enjoy a couple drinks and converse with those around you .  Seriously , try the damn root beer - very strong mix of flavor .  Perfect :)
Dinner service here is hectic and the place is too loud to hold a conversation .  The food presentation is overall good. Other highlights , the salsa and the guacamole were freshly made and full of flavor .  The tacos were ok , not bad but not remarkable . The last thing we ordered were cocktails which lacked flavor.  Perhaps this would be a better place to try for lunch if you don't like noise ? Recommended for younger hipsters or those who like to yell or not hold conversation at all .
Cleveland was in dire need of a ramen spot . Xinji has done an excellent job of filling it .  The best spicy ramen I have tried in cleveland by far . The spicy miso broth was loaded with flavor - fresh ginger , heat , and a good balance with the  salt.  I added an egg to my ramen ... (its not real ramen without it !) . The second item ordered was the Thai iced tea , honestly meh - would not recommend (strong smokey flavor) .   Will be back to try the other ramen .
My go to study spot with delicious options and fast wifi .  The coffee and teas are amazing and the baked goods are flavorful !  The decor is very chill and makes it easy to relax .  The staff is very friendly , patient and observant .  After going a couple of times the barista remembered my order .  A few favorites : lemon pound cake , vegan chunky monkey muffin, coffee cake ,  dark chocolate peanut butter latte , London fog tea, salted caramel latte.
Hoping to make this a frequent dinner location . The food is creative and satisfying .  We have dined here twice and left full and happy . The Kobe steak fried rice and the cocktails are on point .  The steam buns are worth trying too.  If you are on a budget and reside in Lakewood they have an excellent all day happy hour on Mondays with good deals on food .
Some douche at the bar who I am assuming is the manager or owner, refused to help us and began yelling at my mother!! The Philly roll was off, the salmon was sour and a dark dingy brownish color instead of the natural pink color. We simply asked to have the roll replaced (after we tasted the roll a few times to be sure it wasn't just that piece) and got attacked! I feel sick to my stomach and have a 10 hour drive ahead of me tomorrow. If I get food poisoning I will raise some hell.  Have been here multiple times and always loved it- even took my friends from out of town here. The service is always extremely slow, but we have dealt with it. The amount of attitude and rudeness we received today was completely uncalled for. The douche even said 'I have a problem with you!' Excuse me??! We were so close to just leaving but paid for the food we had eaten and left. I will never go back to this place again, and I advise against you ever wasting your money here. I never write reviews, but rely heavily on their input so I decided this was a time worthy of one. Take my advice and don't step foot in this place! Rotten sushi and bad customer service ain't nobody got time for that.
Had the best time! Food ,service, drinks all impeccable. Visiting from Nashville and heard about this place and it was as good as we heard. We will be back. Cool vibe and atmosphere  as well
Great service, super prices, and friendly, attentive wait staff.Angela, one of the waitresses, is an absolute doll.   :-)We will definitely be back.
My husband and I were in Las Vegas for a convention and stopped by The Art Of Shaving to get his hair cut our experience with David Mancuso was so professional and he did an amazing job!!! We will definitely come back to see him again.
Worst customer service. The dude doesn't even know where the guest are seated. Allotted our table twice to others while we are grabbing the food from buffet.
Always a great meal and great service. Tried and true. There has been a change in staff and management but hopefully they will be just as delicious and professional as before. We miss the paper mache donkey.
AllgemeinIch war seit langem mal wieder im Adria mit Familie und Freunden. Ich muss sagen, es war wieder einmalig. Der Chef hat uns mit Handschlag begrt und hat uns den ganzen Abend begleitet. Wir haben kroatisch gegessen, war sehr lecker. Da ich fters in Kroatien bin, sollte ich wissen wie die kroatische Kche schmeckt. Wir wurden nicht enttuscht, man fhlt sich wie im Urlaub. Der Service war auch sehr aufmerksam. Nach dem Essen hat uns der Chef noch auf ein digestif eingeladen. Alles in allem ein schner Abend. Wir kommen sehr gerne wieder!BedienungDie Bedienung war anfangs khl, aber immer sehr aufmerksam.Das EssenDie meisten von uns haben kroatisch gegessen. Das Essen schmeckt wie in Kroatien, es fehlt nur das Meer.Das AmbienteEs ist sachlich eingerichtet. Die Bilder an der Wand sind sehr schn und entstammen alle von Kroatien.
Pretty pricey and the food is just o.k. I have eaten there a few times and every time I came away thinking it wasn't worth the money. There are way better options in Pittsburgh
Today was my 2nd visit to philip pelusi at ross park. I had an apt for 2pm. I arrived at 1:55 and was not taken back until 2:15. It was very busy but I was annoyed that I had to wait 15 min past my apt time. All I went in for was a trim, and my layers trimmed. The girl started cutting my hair but 10 min in, she left me to go color another womans hair. I couldnt believe it. So i sat there in the chair for 10-15min while she did that. She then came back to me and thankfully found someone else who was able to rinse this womans color out. I was happy that she wouldnt have to leave me yet again. Having the person leave mid cut has never happened to me at a hair salon. Having to wait over 15min past my apt time then having to wait again mid cut is unacceptable to me. The girl was apologetic, Im not sure if she was double booked or what happened but it definitely makes me not want to come back.
If i could give this place zero stars I would. I work downtown so about 8 co workers and I went for Happy Hour. Everything started out great, they told us to head upstairs, our server took our orders but then she straight up disappeared. It got busier so we had to go to the bar to order anything from that point on. It was inconvenient but fine. We received our order of pretzels and the cheese was cold. We ate it anyways anticipating our nachos. The nachos came out, ice cold. Not kidding. We sent it back politely. They made us a new order, brought it out. Even colder! We could not believe it. At that point we told them to just take it off our bill and the girl rolled her eyes and said "sure" as if it was our fault. The service was appalling, there are so many other happy hour spots downtown, avoid Tonic.
Yikes. Stopped in before a concert. I ordered the boneless wings. Not only did they take forever to come out but once they did half of them were raw. Not just a little pink, straight up raw. The manager was apologetic and comped it but that was disturbing. We tried the nachos next, they were o.k nothing special. North shore has so many good options, skip bar louie!
Went to STB for the first time on Friday after work. Great location, great addition to the north side. It was a little annoying that they wouldn't seat us until our party was all there but the hostess' were all super nice. Once seated we were waited on rather promptly. We shared some appetizers including the pork nachos, skillet fries, pretzels and corn dip. Everything was delicious. They didn't have any liquor or wine selections but advised it was coming soon. I hope they create some happy hour specials. I'm already looking forward to coming back!
I dont understand why this is a UPS checkpoint if they act completely rude and bothered every time you go in there to pick up your package. Every single time they make me wait and act bothered.
I wanted to come here since I had good experiences at the one in the strip but omg. Not the same. It was packed so my mom and I sat at the bar. I ordered the chicken finger basket. When I got my food, the chicken fingers were burnt and the fries were undercooked. They forgot to put my moms order in so she had to watch me eat until she finally got hers. Our waitress was MIA so someone else had to cash us out. Other waitresses were overheard loudly complaining and cussing. Horrible dining experience.
Awesome authentic Thai food. I had the spring rolls as an appetizer and the Pad Thai with chicken as my entree. Both very delicious. I like that you can tell them how spicy you want it based on a scale of 1-10. Just be careful, my friend who loves spicy food got her meal at a 6 and it was very spicy. I got my pad thai at a 4 and it was perfect. What i also LOVE is that its BYOB. $5 corking fee but totally worth it. BYOB restaurants with great food can be rare. My only dislike is how small the north side location is. There is absolutely zero space to wait, just a crammed hallway so my recommendation is to make a reservation. I did hear the downtown location is much bigger. The service was great, we stayed an hour after our food to drink some wine and no one rushed us out. I am definitely going back and telling all of my friends!
I went to Nakama on Saturday for my birthday. I had a party of 9 and told the hostess my friend was in traffic and would be late. She insisted they could not seat us until everyone in my party arrived which to me seemed to inconvenience them more because we were occupying the lobby and seemed to be in the way. Once seated, it took long to get everything. A long wait to order drinks, then receive our drinks, then long to take our order. My reservation was for 8 and by 8:45 we hadn't even put our food order in. I ordered a margarita and 30min later I still hadn't received it so my friend complained to the manager who was walking around. He was very apologetic and explained our waitress was actually a hostess and he bought me the margarita. That definitely saved the night and I am thankful for his generosity. The food is good, your basic hibachi food. I didn't order sushi but my friends seemed to enjoy it.
I love a good neighborhood spot and I love the atmosphere at Bighams but I have to say my past few visits the food has been disappointing. The service is always great, no issues with that. Ive gotten the grilled buffalo chicken sandwich twice in the last month and both times the chicken was very dry. I also didn't get a strong buffalo taste it tasted rather plain. Last weekend I got the chips with the sandwich and I think I counted 6 chips on my plate. I didn't feel that was a sufficient side. My friends joked that maybe the rest fell off my plate.
Shiloh Grill is set at a great location, right off of Grandview. The food is pretty good nothing spectacular, but I can't say I've had a bad meal here. Also the service is always good. The cocktail prices are a little steep. I ordered a muddled watermelon drink with cilantro and tequila. The drink was mostly ice and cost $11. But lesson learned with that one. They have a decent beer list so next time I'm sticking to beer!
Decent bakery, horrible service. I went there recently on a Saturday morning and there was only 1 employee out in the front, a young dark haired girl. She was on the phone, taking an order I presume. I waited, and waited, more people came in and they waited. I heard people in the back but they never came out and she never went back to get them to wait on us. When she finally took my order she acted like she was annoyed with me!
The customer service is horrible. I tried to return something today that I purchased yesterday. I literally didn't wear this, I just tried it on at home. I had the receipt but the tag wasn't on. The manager and another girl acted very rude making me feel stupid for not having the tag on. I mean, doesn't everyone cut the tags off after they buy something? They wouldn't let me return it or even exchange it for something else. The manager (older woman w/ frizzy hair) very rudely said IT CLEARLY SAYS DONT CUT THE TAGS OFF. I just couldn't believe I was treated like that. I guess I will start going to the Limited in south hills.
Mediocre is putting it nicely. I went for lunch with my sister and mom to watch some college football. It was busy but we stayed wanting to catch the end of the noon games. I ordered a yuengling draft and was surprised to see that cost almost $7. For a draft!? Anyways. We wanted pizzas as that seemed like the popular item to the folks around us but found out they were out of dough. After an expensive beer and no chance for pizza we weren't off to a great start. We ordered the potato skins, wings and 2 of the salads to share. The food was just o.k. Some of the potato skins were burnt and others seemed not cooked long enough. I also like mine with tons of cheese and bacon. These barely had any. The wings were pretty awful. Chicken was tough and chewy, not enough sauce on the wings which made it bland. The atmosphere is cool and our waiter was nice but overall I was disappointed.
I ate at BRGR for the first time this weekend. Although it was muggy outside we sat upstairs. With the ceiling fans going and a great view, I was glad we made that choice. For 7 o'clock on a Friday night it was pretty slow. We got seated right away and our waitress seemed almost bored, constantly checking on us which I guess is better than not. Now on to the food. We all had the summer shandy cocktail, which was citrus vodka, yuengling and lemonade and it was delish. For apps we had the chips and crack dip and also the fried grilled cheese. Both of which were delicious. We had to get a second order of the chips, the cheese dip is that good. We all had burgers which were also good. Was it OMG best burger I ever had in my life, no. But all in all, great service, great drinks and a good burger = a good time. Oh and they also have valet for $3 which is a deal because parking down there can be a nightmare!
I got a gel mani for the first time in a long time from Jimmy. He did a good job, he moved fast but didn't rush. Made sure they looked good. My only mistake was walking in on a Saturday morning. I waited an hour to be seen. Moving forward i am most definitely making an appointment first. I plan on going back in a few weeks!
Very limited menu and an unusual location. Had a hard time finding parking. I had the chicken parm sandwich which was just o.k. My friend had the shrimp alfredo which was good. I will say the prices are cheap and the portions large. I just wish there was more to choose from. If you want a cheap divey place then this is your spot.
The service is.. lacking... I ordered a taco salad to go. I've gotten it before and its usually good. Today I called at 10:50am to place my order. The woman who answered the phone said "well the kitchen doesnt open until 11 so its going to be a while, maybe 40min" I thought to brown some meat and throw it on some lettuce? When I finally picked it up it had tomato even tho i specified no tomato, the tortilla bowl was soggy and it didnt have sour cream and salsa like its supposed to. When I called to complain (i was polite in doing so) she said "ok what would u like us to do about it." I couldn't believe it. I hope this was just a bad day because Mount has very few spots like this.
Bobs is a scam. This location is no exception. Google bobs discount furniture and read the reviews. The quality that you see in store is NOT what arrives at your house. Also the "goof proof" warranty program is a SCAM. Stay far away from any Bobs store.
I LOVE Emiliano's! I have been there a handful of times and every time has been a great experience. I consider this an upscale Mexican restaurant. The food is great. Margaria's are great. Service is great. A+ in my book
The food is pretty good, the service is HORRENDOUS. Some friends and I went to grab some pizza and beer before Amy Schumer on Saturday so granted it was busy but it was complete chaos. Not sure if this is their normal way of doing things but there was no wait staff waiting on you. You had to go to the counter to order food and the bar to order drinks. The bartender who waited on us was this older lady who was completely rude. The pizza was decent, the pepperoni rolls were better. I might give them another chance, hoping for better service next time.
Cool atmosphere, great service. When I went they were out of chicken, which was disappointing because i heard great things about their chicken tacos but i guess its just an excuse to go back! My friends and I split the queso and I ordered 2 chicken tacos. The tacos are small, something to keep in mind. The margaritas are honestly one of the best I've tried so its worth the price.
This place is awesome. Yes its pricey but the food is amazing and so is the view. My family ordered the seafood platter as an appetizer, for our entrees we had the crab cakes (which they are known for), the stuffed shrimp and the strawberry salmon. We also had the risotto as a side. Everyone loved their meals. Out waiter was very attentive and the manager came to our table on 2 separate occasions to make sure everything was going well. He explained they are renovating in January and was very adamant about us giving our suggestions for things they need to work on or change. If you're are willing to splurge for a meal or are celebrating a special occasion, this place is great, probably the best seafood in Pittsburgh.
My co workers and I went to Olive or Twist after work for Happy Hour. The bar area was crowded however the entire back area was open. Not one table occupied. The host said it was booked and if we didn't have reservations we had to sit at the bar. We ended up finding a table at the bar. This woman, a bartender with brown hair and boobs hanging out came over and very rudely asked "ugh are you all on separate checks?" We shook off that comment and told her we were waiting until 4 to order since that's when happy hour started and she said "ok a cocktail waitress can take care of u then" and walked away. Other than her rudeness, the martinis and food were good. The truffle fries are so yummy. I would go back but now I know to make a reservation first.
I went to this bar for the first time to watch football on Saturday. It is pretty awesome.  An open space with a lot of large tv's. I didnt order food but our waiter was super friendly. Cant wait to go back.
The people that work at the office are completely clueless and rude. We pay an arm and a leg  to live here but the pool doesnt open until 4pm or not at all when a lifeguard isnt available. Like.. find another lifeguard then!! Ridiculous.
This was my first time at Proper. The layout is a little weird, You don't get much privacy but anyways when I first sat down I kept feeling water droplets drip onto me and I realized it was the air conditioning above me. I told the waiter about it but said it was no big, and i moved to another seat at our table. He felt so bad that he climbed up on the booth and was wiping it down. I thought that was really nice. Onto the food. My party ordered the pepperoni roll and the chips/onion dip as an app. Both were good. We then shared the Forest pizza. This was recommended by the waiter because we couldn't decide. It was delicious. All the ingredients were fresh. We even kept the last of the onion dip to dip our pizza crust in. All in all a great little spot. I will deff be back. P.S Our waiter was Kyle and he was amazing :)
Working downtown, Redbeards is a go to happy hour spot for me and my co workers. We called ahead as we always have and requested they reserve tables. We had a large party, about 15-20 ppl coming at various times. On the phone they said okay, as this has never been a problem. Well today we get there at 3:45 and as we walk up the steps a gentleman in a blue button down shirt who i assume was the manager starts shooing us back down the stairs telling us we cannot come up there until 4pm. This has never happened. When they finally let us upstairs they had ONE table with about 8 chairs even tho we told them ahead of time how many ppl we had. There were several empty tables surrounding us but we were told we couldn't take them because they were reserved for other people as they expected to be busy due to the pirate game. This was odd to me because we were paying customers and they were making us stand when there were empty tables available? Well no one ever came to occupy them so we ended up just sitting there because standing was getting old. Our waiter did his best considering but the manager was SO RUDE and it ended up being chaotic. I think we'll take our happy hours elsewhere.
I wanted to like this place I really did. I went there around 9pm on a Friday. I went to the bar on the upper level and had 2 bartenders stare at me for a good 10min before I was finally served. He asked what I wanted and I said a vodka/water made with absolute, the bartender looks at me and just says "titos" apparently he was making mine with titos vodka. I was a little annoyed but went with it. Came to find out my not strong at all vodka/water made with cheap vodka at that was $8!! I get vodka/waters with top shelf vodka at other bars for $5. As for the dualing piano part. It was fun but u have to be in the mood for it. There were a few bachelorette parties there who seemed to be having fun. My suggestion, get nice and drunk before u go because the drinks are WEAK and EXPENSIVE
On a Friday I went to Rock Bottom with some friends for their happy hour which takes place from 4-6. Our server was a spunky brunette who was very attentive and even let us sample as many beers as we liked until deciding. I ultimately decided on the Pom-berry Cosmo which was excellent. I also got the ball park pretzel which is amazing. During happy hour it's only $5 and you get two big pretzels served with this delicious cheese dip. My friends got the nachos, the quesadilla, and the artichoke cheese dip. Everything was very tasty.
I wanted to love this bar since I live pretty close but I was rather disappointed. First off its very small. Limited seating. The cocktails are good but pricey. Me and my friend waited and waited at the bar trying to get a second drink and we couldn't even get a bartender to look our way. Yes it was busy but that was no excuse. We ended up walking across the street to redbeards where we got served immediately. Oh and redbeards has food!
Literally was impressed. Don't typically have time or even want to leave reviews but this place deserves it. Dude with the tats is fire!
I had scheduled a moving picking up between 11-1 pm on a Friday afternoon, at 1:00 I called for an update to see when the movers would be and the lady on the phone said she didn't know where they were. The lady gave me a random estimate of an additional hour more. With multiple phone calls I finally had enough and cancelled the movers at 4:30 and the man on the phone had absolutely no customer service skills and didn't even apologize. If you want a smooth moving day I would advise to not use this company.
This place is soooo clean and relaxing! Very friendly staff and my nails look amazing! Can't wait to be back.
I'm not a hair cut person what so ever, but they did an amazing job. Just moving here I know I have found my new hair salon. I will only come back to this salon.
The theme and decor was a really cute idea! Something different for Phoenix. When we walked in we had difficulties finding the host, we had made reservations on opentable. There was absolutely no personality from any of the crew members, which is always a let down if you ask me. The food was nothing great, no flavor and the menu was scattered.
Excellent service. The bankers are very informative know all of the information we wanted to know. Even though the appointment we had with the original banker called out sick the branch manager was there to aid us, and got all of our needs met within a reasonable amount of time. I will be back to do my further banking.
I absolutely love this place! The menu has something for everybody. Unfortunately there is no customer service skills from this staff. For such a bright and delicious place I wish that there could be more personable experience when dining here.
My boyfriend and I have always wanted to try out the Normal and when we did we were not satisfied with service. From our server I felt there was no true hospitality in her work ethic. Felt as a student hating her job.  We ordered chicken and waffles, and the farmers omelette and the time it took for us to get our food was outrageous! All in all the food was great I just wish the service could've matched up with the food.
The food here was very yummy! Troy was an excellent server who shared some interesting information with us about the theme of this restaurant! Service was great and I couldn't have asked for a better date night!
This was mine and my boyfriends first time coming to RA thinking this was going to be a wonderful dining experience, little did we know.   Service took forever, our server seemed to disappear for periods of time. Not only did our service take forever but just to get our food seemed to take a crazy amount of time for being 1 of ten tables for an appetizer. It's pretty unfortunate that we had such a miserable dining experience because the food was just descent ordinary sushi.    Unfortunately we won't be returning.
My boyfriend and I love coming to this place for the hours and the late happy hour! They have a great menu! We recently dined here this past week and we had been waiting for what felt like forever and finally Alyssa W saw us and saved us from walking out. She made our dining experience amazing and accommodated all my food allergies and was truly a great server! We'll be back to sit in her section!
This place is a joke. Customer service is horrible and they clearly don't know how to read paper work or licenses. It took them 30 minutes to clean a rental car and to top it off they were understaffed.
Jessica is amazing! I have been coming to her for sometime now, and she is always able to work wonders! Her studio space is so comforting and bright which makes the environment that more inviting. With an incredible music playlist in the background it makes time fly by. I highly recommend Hair2o!
This is the best sushi spot in Vegas and I have been to A LOT!  The ambiance leaves something to be desired, but they more than make up for it with the delicious and fresh food.
I have ordered from this place several times.  Each time the delivery was quick and the food was great!  Definitely recommend!
I was a little nervous about this place given the other reviews, but after skipping it previously and trying 808 sushi (which was disappointing) I thought I would give it a try.  I ordered a couple rolls to go and was pleasantly surprised with the food.  I thought it all tasted very good, which is awesome since this place is very close to my home.  Everything seemed really fresh.  Granted I have only had a couple of rolls, but I would encourage you to try it for yourself.  I personally don't think the other reviews give it justice.
I have been going to Dr. Wolf for about 8 years and I must say this is the best vet in Las Vegas!  I moved to Henderson a few years ago and tried some other vets that were closer to home and recommended by friends, but in the end I chose to drive across town whenever a trip to the vet was needed because no one compared to Dr. Wolf and her staff!  Highly recommend!!
I came here with my best friend and his wife on a work trip to Phoenix and really enjoyed it. The decor was cool, server was nice, and the layout of the restaurant was really big and open which I liked. We had the ribs, kale salad, and Thai chicken wings all which were awesome. Their cocktails looked rad so I will try one next time when I am in town.
This place made an awesome Acai bowl that was fresh and made to order with delicious ingredients! I was visiting for a work trip and wanted something light for breakfast and this spot hit the nail on the head! This will be a go to for me when in Vegas for work!
This place was awesome! They had great food and our server was very attentive. This was my first time at a Cracker Barrel and I thought it was a pretty rad place. They even had a solid gluten free menu.
This place was exactly what I needed after a gnarly night drinking in Tempe. We sat at the bar and our waitress was rad and super attentive. I told her I was hung over and she brought me an entire pitcher of water. She rules.
This place was pretty chill and the price point is amazing considering the other one I have been to similar ( all in San Diego). The only sad part was they had no gluten free cookies so I was only able to get a scoop of ice cream but my friends all said their cookie sandwiches were magical.
This hotel was pretty nice for being off the strip and great for a quick business trip if you want to be close enough to stuff but a bit out of the fray. My room was a bit dingey but besides that it was a good experience. Close to the airport and other hotels. I would stay here again.
Wasn't a super big fan of the Acai sorbet in my Acai bowl. I don't understand why places don't blend the Acai fresh and mix it with some fruit and juice or hemp milk or whatever. Just seems super lazy to me and it's not as good. There are better spots in Las Vegas I would rather spend time driving too.
Came here while visiting for work and grabbed lunch with a sales team I was with. The food was good, service was decent, my salad was alright but nothing to write home about. For an easy decent priced lunch I would come back.
This hotel was pretty gross. I stay in hotels around the country for work and this furthers my disdain for IHG properties. They are consistently disgusting but unfortunately all the Marriotts in the area were out of budget for work due to spring training. When I got here some guy with a flash light holster who worked here (no name tag, could have fooled me) asked me if I needed a room because they were sold out and I said I had one. He then let me stand there for 5 minutes at the desk before then asking if I needed help which I proceeded to say yes I need to check in, do you work here? He said yes, and I said  that could have fooled me. He then proceeded to say he couldn't help me and said I had to wait for "her" and pointed at an office. I got checked in, went to my room which was of course dirty, out dated and gross. I had un vacuumed floors, a clogged sink, some sticky substance on my night stand, and dirty sheets. I think this hotel is maybe trying to go out of business, I don't know. Either that or people have really low standards and don't care about cleanliness. I guess I will never know, but what I do know is I will never stay here, or any other IHG property again. I don't care if I have to come out of pocket to pay for a Marriott, these hotels are disgusting.
I stopped in to get some ammo on a guys weekend out to Arizona and couldn't have been happier to step foot into marks shop. They had a great selection, awesome prices, and mark was great guy and very helpful.
This place has some great shops but the amount of annoying tourists that shop here can be overwhelming. Sometimes there are even lines at kind of normal standard shops which is insane. I've always got what I needed but just be prepared for gnarly parking and an intense vibe
Torria is a wonderful employee and representative of your company.  She's professional and courteous, and has a lovely disposition and appearance.  She took care of everything I needed and quickly.
They have a great response time. I had 5 very tall Mexican fan palms trimmed and they look great. They hauled off all the debris and cleaned up extremely well. The price was very reasonable. I will use them again and highly recommend them to anyone reading this.
Terrible experience. Had a 9pm dinner reservation and was only seated at 10:45. They claimed they had a busy night for reservations however, they should have a cap on the amount of reservations they allow. We were a group of 4 and they kept seating groups of 2 who did not have a reservation in front of us but refused to put any of those 2 person tables together to seat us at a reasonable time. Everyone in line both in front and a behind us complained as they had the same issues as us.Once seated and ordered we were told everything we wanted they had none left of. One person in my party didn't even order because 3 salads that she wanted they didn't have. Most of the meals came at a decent speed, however, one salad never came so we cancelled it. Drinks were decent however not worth the price.Probably won't go again
They had said that it was all day bay breakfast. So i said let me get a mcmuffin they said the muffin machine was broke i would rate zero stars if i could
I will start with the good. The salon itself is beautifully designed, and all the ladies are dressed super cute, and very trendy type of salon. My hair is dark and was looking to have more of a lighter sun-kissed look. After my hair was done,  I did not see much of a difference in color, and for what I was paying I was expecting more. My colorist Christa advised it would get lighter after I washed my hair, but I was not convinced. We compromised, and she added more lighter highlights to achieve the look I was going for. I love my hair now, and I am pleased she wanted to make me happy. The bad: the front desk personal is awful. I was literally ignored. I understand if you are busy, but the least you can do is smile, and say I'll be right with you. This also happened to me when I was in the neighborhood looking for a consultation. I was hoping it was an isolated incident, but sadly it was not. I was so excited to get my hair done, and treat myself that it just sucked to feel unwelcome.  I'm not sure if I see myself coming in here again... I have been to other upscale salons where you get more for what you pay for: friendlier, shampoo massage, better technique.
We came in on a Saturday night around 10pm. My husband and I both ordered brownie sundaes as 2 of our original choices were already sold out. That was fine, as I knew it was late. The brownie sundae was great! Service was super slow as it was being run by 3 teenage girls. It was annoying to see their friends who came in after us being served before us, and not charged. Ice cream great but service is lacking.
I had a eyelash lift and tint with the very sweet Callie. Not only did she fit me into her schedule last minute, but  she was super professional, and she made me feel very as ease. I will definitely be back!
If I could I would give it zero stars worst place to go and eat worst service doesn't give you your order right and food is old please close this place or mange it batter
Would watch Murray again, but only if he was fighting McGregor.The only time I wanted to participate in this show is when Murray asked the audience if we wanted to see another trick. Spoiler: I wasn't the only one who shouted, "No!"Would be a good show at a senior center or a school for the deaf and blind.Lefty was actually good, increased stars from 0 to 1 in both this review AND the actual show.I got my tickets for free and I want my money back.
Cool chill place for lunch. You can see the water fountain show at the Bellagio from here. Our waiter Sean was very nice and extremely funny. We would definitely come back!
Great Sushi oasis in the desert!  I went this place based on a recc. from a co-worker, while in town on business.  I am glad that we did.  Got the WSOP roll, salad and some Nigiri tuna.  All great.  Have gone back a couple of times since.  It does get crowded in the evening (after 7) and is intimate, so get there early to avoid waiting outside in the las vegas summer.
I love this place! Favorite restaraunt in Vegas.  We usually eat at the bar when we go, but the table service has been excellent as well.  Blaise and Christina the bartenders are friendly and have a great memory.   Try one of the house special espresso shots with dessert!    As for the food, it is fantastic too.  I have had the filet with the balsamic on the side, great combo.  Also the pasta are all handmade and the meat sauces are really MEATY!  Try the Gnocchi with bolognese and some marscapone cheese.  Off the menu item, but great flavor.    They have fresh made gellato and some fun 'create your own' canollis for dessert.
I don't know where you can find snails in Las Vegas but this place is really good. I got the coconut snails and it was amazing. The customer service is top notch and very friendly. The food proportion is very big even if you order a simple bowl of rice or pho. Their sauces is very good and it goes with everything, Even though we over eat there because of how good the food was, the music was kind of loud and I have no idea what the music was singing but it sounds good. I like whatever they were playing on the tv. Would definitely come back to this place again.
Best food of Las Vegas ever. Came back and ordered more than 5 plates. The service was outstanding and very quick. I highly recommended this place.
My husband had the Mongolian beef and raved over it.  I had the spring rolls and beef lo mein...both were quite tasty.  Delivery was within the hour which is what I expected based on the estimated time posted online.  I thought the price was fair and one dollar for delivery?  Very reasonable.  No complaints.  We will order again.
The strangest thing is that I got a note on my window stating to call this guy.  Wouldn't you know they wanted to replace my windshield.  They were very helpful, called my insurance on the spot and got it all taken care of within minutes.Technician called me the day of service, a Saturday, and informed me that the part was malformed and that they would want to get a new piece.  He didn't want me to wait around all day so we rescheduled to do it at my office the next week on Monday morning.Josh was great, introduced himself and told me it wouldn't take long.  He had to work around a couple of other services that were in the way at the time, but no problems occurred.Looking for a local but professional service, these guys are it.
To be honest if I could give zero stars, I would. I can not express the level of unsatisfactory service I received at this Jiffy Lube!!  I came in on Monday 11/27/2017 for a quick oil change and from the moment I got there I was met by a young man named Juan who was very professional and courteous, he even asked how my day was going.  He walked me to the lobby and showed me where I could wait while my car was being serviced. As I was sitting there waiting I could hear a conversation happening between a man in a red Jiffy Lube shirt and a younger man, which at first didn't seem to be out of the ordinary but as I sat there I began to hear something that drew my attention more so. The younger gentlemen seemed to be bragging to the employee about a relationship that he is in involving a much younger female, and when I say younger I mean in her teens and this man was clearly not a teenager! I thought maybe I should say something but figured it was not  my place. After the employee in the red shirt finally finished his outrageously inappropriate conversation with the younger man he then proceeded to go and try to start an argument with a female employee who had asked for some guidance, which I perceived to be so very unprofessional considering there were customers around and I would hope that he would not talk to any employee like that at any time let alone in front of customers. Juan then came to tell me that my car was ready and I told him what I had just witnessed and he profusely apologized that I had to see that but noted that the guy in the red is always like that with that particular employee. So in conclusion, if I could have only dealt with Juan and the other employees with the exclusion of the man in the red then my visit probably would have been very pleasant!
I am extremely disappointed in my order, and I can honestly say this is the worst Indian food I have ever had. My biggest disappointment is the fact that I was so hungry and had already paid for it, so I couldn't not eat it. I ordered the chicken korma and the Paneer Pasanda and neither curry had any flavor.  If I hadn't known that I ordered garlic naan, I would've thought it was just plain naan.  Overall, everything I ordered from here was tasteless. The clay oven? More like the cardboard oven. If that's something you're interested in, go ahead and give them a go. A huge waste of money and calories, and I will never again order from them.
Ariana is one of the best LMTs in Vegas! I added in some extras (green tea facial, deep oil scalp massage, and foot scrub) and was so relaxed I almost fell asleep. The massage and treatments were exceptional and I will return on a regular basis!
Couture is the best dermatology practice in Vegas. I have never had to wait more than a few minutes and both Doctors are absolutely top-notch; could not ask for better! A few months ago, Dr. Candace Spann found a spot of skin cancer on my face and her husband, Dr. Marvin Spann, worked his magic to remove it and flawlessly stitched me up. I was nervous that I would have a scar but I don't; he is good! I really like both Dr.'s wonderful smiles when they greet me and the time they  take to answer all my questions. I recommend them both to friends and family!
I texted my service advisor Miguel that I needed an oil change and he responded promptly and set up an appointment for me. When I arrived, Steven greeted me and got my truck right back for service. My oil change was complete within 45 minutes.  This is the only place I bring my Nitro for service because I am always greeted with a smile and they take the time to listen to what I have to say regarding my vehicle. These guys are good!
I started to take my teenaged daughter to Stanley since February of this year.  It took us some major searching to find a good stylist that does undercuts.  We finally found Stanley.  He is truly an artist when it comes to hair tattoo undercuts.  He does an amazing job every time and the best thing is he never repeats a design - he creates a new one every time.
We stopped going to Kiku for some time now - since last year.  However, we decided to give this place one more try and had our Mother's Day celebration there.  We quickly recalled all the reasons why we stopped coming to this place: poor service, poor quality and the salmon sashimi did not taste fresh.  They are really skimpy with the food, everything is sliced supper thin.  Since it was Mother's Day weekend, of course there was a time limit.  They certainly are not afraid to rudely tell you that "your time is up".  As we were paying we had a female server come into the room and started speaking in Mandarin (of what I believe is to tell us "times up") and when she realized that none of us understood Mandarin she walked away.  Not soon after did another server come by and started to shout at everyone to hustle.  I have never seen such rude conduct by a server before at any restaurant that I have visited.  Needless to say that this is absolutely the very last time that we step foot inside this place. Horrible, horrible experience.  You couldn't pay me to eat here.
Food & Service is Good & no complaints there. However we noticed a customer bringing their dog into the restaurant & ended up sitting 2 tables away from where we were eating. I have absolutely NO PROBLEM with Legit Service dogs that have their vest & card.  Sadly people these days have gone to the extreme with bringing their  pets into restaurants, grocery, department stores under the guise of "emotional support". I understand people have anxieties, etc.  But in the past ONLY service dogs were allowed now all someone has to say is emotional support, etc.   Sure I'm a dog owner & yes my dog gives me comfort but I'm no way is she a true Service dog.  I'm sure I'll get some hate on this but still it's gotten ridiculous
UPDATE 11/11/16Brandon with Customer Service was great. He understood the issue & went above to make it correct.  He had the ring overnighted to another store as my husband didn't want to deal with the Arrowhead Store.  Our understanding we would be able to have ring sizes same day as we do not live in town.  Earl at the Mesa store was great, unfortunately he said they could not have ready until Next Friday! Needless to say I was heartbroken & had to leave the store while my husband worked it out with Earl to arrange pickup at a later date. So I appreciate both Brandon with  customer service & Earl at the Mesa store to go beyond to make it right. So thank you. I'm disappointed I still have no band when we drove over 3 hours one way. Again Samuel Jewelers did their best to make it right & besides not being able to get my ring same day due to not being local they did their best.  So another week without the ring but once I finally have the ring I'll be better. Adding photo clearly showing exact ring, 14K, 13 Round Diamond Chevron Band, 1/3 ctw & model #10166761600, exactly the same. Their price at store& Website original $991 - % off = $551.40
I get my boots signed at airports across the country and these folks are by far the best anywhere! I lost track of the many different applications but I loved the saddle soap bath and the blow torch! $13 for my boots and definitely well worth it! Was charged $20 in Houston and my boots didn't shine as well as they do now! I appreciate the sock (or in my case leggings) protectors that are used on all customers. Thankfully I fly through CLT a lot so I will be returning!
I've been to Switch three times now and have to say that I haven't had one dish here that wasn't delicious. The waitstaff is friendly and quick and the food, Ah! The food!  Probably my favorite Phoenix dining experience!
Stopped in to Ticoz for lunch today and it was amazing.  I had the chicken tamales which are served open-faced.  The mass is sweet and pairs amazingly with the salty and spicy chicken.  My coworker had the blue corn tamales  which were also very good.  Service was quick and friendly.  Highly recommended!
Had the filet medallions.   It was totally delicious!  The service was great as well.  The owner greets everyone like they are old friends.
We always hit this place when staying at the Belllagio.  One of the best shrimp wonton noodle soups I've ever had with giant shrimp packed into their wontons and a delciously rich broth.  Also have had the wok-fried Penang style Kweuy teaw with beef and it was perfect with very tender beef.  Don't know about the fancy dishes, but stick with the noodles and you won't be disappointed.  I don't take price into account in my reviews, because everything in the casinos is overpriced.
I went here during our anniversary vacation and it was a great time.  Our server, Jared, was friendly, attentive and has great taste in beer.  The food was attractve, tasty and came out promptly.  We tried some beers that we would probably never find elsewhere.  We were seated quickly, something I did not expect on  Friday night.  Granted, we came in the early evening and it was not a game day.
Since I moved out of the area, I miss a lot about Madison.  One of the things I really miss is Monty's.  I made a point to bring several friends here and their assessment of this diner-gone-upscale was good as well.  The food is diner classics with an updated touch as well as a few things that are probably best described as new American.  The food is excellent, especially the numerous vegan and vegetarian options.  The ambiance is clean and bright; the service good.  The only downsides are that the wait can be long, especially on weekend mornings, and parking is limited.
Love this place so much! My wife and I eat here every time we go to Vegas! Majority of the staff is a delight (with the exception of one of the female hostess)The waiters are great! The drinks are amazing and the food is too damn good!The price is reasonable especially for the quality you get. I have tried almost every margarita they have there and you can't go wrong with any of them. The PB and J one is one of my favorites there. Try the BBQ pork quesadilla! You will not be disappointed! 5/5 for sure
The food is good here! I didn't get to try and mixed drinks though. I stayed with just the dos Equis. But the atmosphere is nice and the setting fits the area. Only been here once, the waiter we had only came around three times and Ignored us when I tried to get his attention on several occasions. With him aside though. Great place to try out and relax
The Peppermill is always good at anytime! I have been here late nights, early mornings and during the day. Anytime I go they have fast service and are always on it.
I have only been there one time, and the macaroons were amazing! My wife and I try many different places that have macaroons and this is easily in our top 3 if not the best... we have not tried anything else there yet though. The staff is cool.
I live in CA and heard about this place from a friend, so when I visited Las Vegas I checked this place out. The guy working that day was very helpful and nice. It only cost $5 to play and stay as long as you want. The way they have the games set up is great! Very organized. Such a fun, clean, cool place!
This is a nice gaming store. Obviously if you're into Magic the gathering then go here (I'm not). But I still went here because I heard they had a good selection of board games and they surely do! They had a great section of board games! If you are coming to try and buy and game you will NOT be disappointed. I gave the store 4 stars because of my happiness for the large selection. I didn't give them a five because no one ever acknowledged I was in there. This isn't a deal breaker for me since I knew what I was looking for. I was in there for about 20 min or more. But I walked in with no hello. Again which is fine with me but if someone that does not know games comes in they may be turned off.  I would just hope they try to say hi to everyone that comes in. Other than that awesome store!
Horrible place to eat! Even wth the coupon they give. They give you $20 off with the coupon and it's still bad. The people that work there think they are in some high end LA sushi place. The rice is dry and the plates didn't taste fresh. We will never go back again. I have had better sushi from a grocery store. And that is pathetic
Even though this Starbucks is always Busy (the times I have been there) these baristas handle business and go fast. People get upset because it's a longer wait than usual, yet that's going to Happen when everyone wants coffee. So to the people complaining about the wait you can easily see the long line. LEAVE if you don't like it. Anyway, the employees here so their job. And today in the morning they had a difficult annoying a** of a customer yet all the baristas kept their cool and dealt with this guys obnoxious requests. Good job baristas at golden nugget you are doing well!
Horrible! Let's start with that. Check in is 3pm (like anywhere else) we arrive at 3pm. And room is not ready unless we want to pay an additional $25 for an "upgraded" room. I'm sorry! But the upgrade should be free since we are waiting, as I write this. Check in at three means your room should be READY! But at the golden gate it's not. Horrible service! I'm sitting in the lobby as they "rush" to clean the room. The room should have been cleaned by 230 knowing more people are coming. We made the reservation in October!!! This is a joke! We will never stay here again.
Do not go to this place. Overpriced and food poorly made. A group of six friends went there last tuesday and was a horrible experience. Out of four meal orders, three had to be returned to kitchen and even that two of them were sent back to us frozen inside, which means bad and lame preparation by the chef. The pasta was so so and oily. The wine list was overpriced compared to the menu. Manager came to apologize but was too late. The experience had already gone bad. We were so excited about this place because of its location, Aria Hotel, but it does not deserve to be in a place like this. We strongly do not recommend this restaurant.
This was the WORST car rental experience I've ever had!!! Warning: do NOT patronize this agency...it feels like a scam. You wait in line for 2 hours then are informed that there are no more cars left, despite the fact that at least 30 more people are standing in line who all have reservations. This forces you to either go to another agency or take a taxi. Of course the other agencies cost much more, and I'd be willing to wager that the Dollar workers are getting a kick back from the business they generate for these other agencies. How is it they haven't been drummed out of business yet?
Too bad you can't leave less than one star.Purchased a new 2016 Corvette there.  Worst purchase and service experiences ever.  After first oil change (which was a fiasco in itself) I had a terrible oil burning smell that was so bad people at work were asking me what was wrong with my new car.  I wound up having to clean oil overspill, tighten the filter - oh and it was overfilled. In addition i had to clean differential fluid they spilled all inside the rear subframe.  Icing on the cake was they didn't even reset the reminder.Numerous problems later culminating with the entire car being scratched by them after verbally requesting to service manager and leaving a huge note in the car not to wash it - they did and the entire car was swirled.  The day I turned it in for lemon law (that's another story) I watched their car was process in their lot.  One guy hosed down the cars and another started on the wheels with a rag and worked his way to the paint - way to go there guys! Through it all, there was no genuine taking responsibility for any of their errors.  I would just recommend you go somewhere else.Disregard their replies to these reviews - all I ever got was lip service and empty promises.  The combination of a defective Chevrolet product and the experience at this dealership has this lifelong Chevrolet owner looking at different brands.
The food was ok the customer service was terrible and the line takes 40 min to buy Chicken!!! It's not fine dine I paid 43$ for oxtail and chicken, a little expensive ?The customer service is garbage The more you buy the more they yell at you and get mad  at you.'?!               F-  Food not worth the 40 min line  upEven if you pay for food  they act  like you are asking it for free Complete ignorant people  running the front
Wow. Do not dine here. Please let me list the reasons why... Made a reservation three weeks in advance for a seven top reso for a bunch of Chicago 20 something's in town to go out and have a great night in Phoenix. Our server was non existent throughout our entire dinner... Our plan was to dine... Translation, spend money! No one was served more than one cocktail. When asked what to order, we were answered with; everything is good. We relied on one girl who has been here before to walk us through the menu. Food came out staggered, and when the food arrived, we asked the food runner (who was clearly the rude host with short spiked boy hair) which entree had meat and which had cheese... (We had a vegetarian in the group) she responded with, "I don't know, this is not my job" Okay, really?! As we are all completely done with this place, and parched because our waters hadn't been refilled on the 90 degree patio. I thought that I should just let the manager know about how much money they lost out on, and more importantly how neglectful his sever was. His response; I wish you would have told me earlier so that I could have fixed it. (Mind you, our entrees were still on the table) No, I'm sorry, no, let me send you dessert. No, apology or care for my complaint in anyway.... Talk about one, the server. Two, the host/food runner. Three, the MANAGER... Dropping the ball! Needless to say, we will never be back. We have now wrote this review, so hopefully other people don't go here. And lastly, to whom ever reads this internally. Find a manager who values the customer... And get a training program in place for all your other staff members who interact with the people who pay your bills.
I honestly had a great experience here! First of all, it was the first place we went into so we told them we were just looking. No pressure, they gave us a few prices of things we were looking at, then encouraged us to shop around. We went to a few more places after that and experienced high pressure sales tactics elsewhere. When we told one lady we wanted to shop around, she said, "Why? You don't need to shop around, we have the best price!!" Once we unclenched ourselves from her grip, we went back to the Bedroom Shop and ordered a bed for our daughter. We were so happy with the way they answered all our questions, gave us a discount, and didn't rush or pressure us, that we ended up ordering TWO beds from them that same day. They told us it would be a month for the beds to arrive, which we were fine with. This past Saturday, they delivered the beds and assembled them. Our girls are so happy and they each love their new beds. Thank you so much for a great experience!!
I drove by this place many times but never stopped to try the food. Yesterday, I was at a birthday party and they ordered pizza from Adriano's. I must say, I was really impressed!! All the pizzas were delicious - even the vegetarian ones which in my opinion, are usually gross.Definitely recommended and I will surely be ordering from here in the future!
Authentic Korean food, very delicious! It was packed when we went, and full of Koreans (which means it's authentic and good!) highly recommended. Prices are reasonable.
Food on a normal day is meh but the weekend brunch is awesome!! Omelette station, fresh juice and ALL the fixings. This is one of our favorite spots!
I love this place, we are regulars. The gampoongi is awesome (deep fried spicy chicken), jajangmyun (black bean sauce noodle dish) and sushi is what we always get. Price is very good, never had a problem with service like other reviewers (I'm also Asian but not Korean).
Love love love this place. Great food and even better prices. My friend ordered two sandwiches because for $5 each, he expected something small. Nope, one would have been enough!
We have used Jia Jia movers many times to move ourselves as well as family members. We first learned about them 10 years ago when referred to us by several friends. I'm not kidding when I say they work their asses off!!! They are careful, quick and efficient. At first, my husband didn't want to use them because he had been screwed by movers before who were super slow to get as many hours out of you. Not these guys. The last time we used them was 2 weeks ago to move from a 2bdrm bungalow to a 4bdrm two story. We also have a piano. These guys did it in 4 hours. If we did it ourselves with friends, it would have taken us into the night. Total cost was $700 including tax and tip. I remember years ago when shopping around for movers for my 1 bdrm apartment, being quoted $1000 and up. Then the first time I used Jia Jia to move out of a 1 bdrm, it only cost me $200. That was 10 years ago. Now, their rates have gone up significantly since then but still worth it and I will only call and recommend them. I noticed one negative review in here - they're probably from the competition trying to smear Jia Jia's name. I believe Jia Jia is the only Chinese moving company on the Canadian movers association or something like that which is a huge accomplishment cuz Chinese businesses are typically known to be shady. These guys are amazing. Detailed email before the job and no surprises at the move. And they have never been late for any of our jobs. Lastly, it was freezing cold when we moved two weeks ago. I mean, freeeezing. But they still hustled without complaints. We offered to buy them lunch and at first they said no thank you. We kept insisting so finally they said yes but seriously ordered the smallest thing. We said they could order more but they didn't. They worked non stop from 9am to 1pm so there's no way they weren't starving. But I guess they didn't want to seem greedy so they only let us get them something small. Really great company. Highly recommended!!!
Food is good but service is slow (mom and daughter doing everything) and their hours are inconsistent. It's like they just open when they feel like it. As a result, we don't go often because we never know when they're going to be open. Literally, you have to be driving by while hungry and if they're open, you swing in.
I absolutely love it here!!! My fave is the Chicken Noodle Soup - soul warming soup with a chick pea base. Very unique flavour, very delicious. I also love the fried noodle dish. The lady here is very accommodating, just ask and she'll probably make it for you!
I've been living in this neighbourhood for 5 years now and it's changed quite a bit. A lot of seniors are moving out to downsize and young families are moving in. This spot used to be the old Rose and Thorne bar, and now it's the new South Shore Bar and Grill. It opened on Wednesday and we went today with the kids. Although it's more of a bar still, they have a kid's menu and kids eat free on Sundays!!The food was VERY GOOD. I was surprised, to be honest with you. We ordered the Saturday Ribs n Wings special, nachos and kid's chicken fingers & fries. The ribs were meaty and tender - very good, in my opinion. The wings were good to very good and the chicken fingers and nachos were very good. Fries were very good also. The restaurant gave us dessert on the house, to our surprise. A banana and chocolate type of cake with whipped cream and strawberries.All in all, I would say the food was very good. The ambiance - a bit too dark for kids, and there was a lot of open space (I would suggest adding more tables or possibly booths). The prices are very reasonable - total cost to us was $32 plus tax and the portions were large (especially the kid's - for only $6 we got chicken fingers, fries and drink).We will definitely be back and I'm hoping more people give this place a shot!
I also live in the neighbourhood and finally stopped in yesterday for a bite. I ordered a chicken sandwich (can't remember if it was the cuban style or havana style)...regardless, it was delicious! A very unique flavour to it, and it came with crispy fries. I tacked on a pop and the total was less than $10. The decor...OMG, I want the exact same tables and chairs/bench in my house! I think I will ask them where they got their furniture next time I'm in ;)
Love it, fast service, delicious food, great variety!
Reminds me of First Markham Place and the Dragon Centre. There are plenty of menu items and the portions are insane! I ordered the spicy fried fish on fried rice based on one of the reviews here, and it was soooo goooood. And I'm not kidding about the portions. The container couldn't even be closed. I pigged out, and there was still enough leftover for my husband to have for dinner....for $7.50 cash. Wut. This is going to be a regular spot from now on. Next time, I'm getting the beef ho fun. It looked so good when I was there (others ordered it) but I didn't have enough cash! Next time, I'm bringing more cash!!
Insanely good, dumplings are made fresh onsite!!! Cash only!! Lots of other options, not just dumplings, but you must get the dumplings when you're there. My fave is the pan fried versions. Sooooo good !
After reading all the reviews on Yelp, I was determined to try the C2. On a chilly day like today, it really hit the spot! Soooo gooood if you enjoy noodle soup. Also ordered the fresh spring rolls which I absolutely love. And for $11.50 plus tax/tip, you can't go wrong. OMG!I will definitely be back!
I heard from several people in my neighbourhood that Bikram goes above and beyond to serve his customers. Today, I went in just as they were locking up. I asked if they were closed and Bikram said to come on in! He filled my prescription and took the time to explain how to take the medication. By the time we were done, he could have been almost home. But instead, he graciously filled one last prescription before heading out. I have had years of painfully bad service at Rexall and SDM's pharmacies. No more - Bikram's got all my business now. Knowledgeable, friendly, local small business.
Absolutely delicious!!!! I've been here 3 times now, and each time the food and service were awesome. Vietnamese and Thai food, lunch and dinner menus. Owner Tim is friendly and motivated to serve delicious food with good service. He said he is hoping to introduce authentic Vietnamese dishes not normally seen. I'm really looking forward to seeing that! Definitely recommend!
Funny story...I grew up on Hillside pastries since the 70's when I lived at Brimley and Lawrence in Scarborough. Even after we moved to Markham, my brother and I still picked up a box of Hillside pastries everytime we went to the dentist in the old neighbourhood. One day, my brother called me in a frantic saying that Hillside was no longer there!! We cried for years and then one day, my mom who had taken a computer class, said that one of her classmates brought in a box of Hillside pastries! She knew immediately that there could only be one place where these were from! (no other bakery has sweets that taste this good, in my opinion). My mom asked where the lady got them from and she said it was a new bakery that opened up in her neighbourhood on Mount Pleasant. OMG. When my mom told us this, we went for a drive on Mount Pleasant until we found it!! Same delicious recipes, thank God they didn't change a thing. I have to say though, that the prices are much higher now and the portions are a lot smaller. This is the only reason I didn't give 5 stars. I'll still give them my business though, they are the best bakery in town. My all-time fave is the lemon danish!
I've been seeing Dr Singh and his team for many years. Even though I live in Etobicoke, I'm willing to make the drive for a proper dentist. Everyone here is great and they keep you informed of everything that needs to be done. I highly recommend Dentistry Vitality!
Went here with friends recently and it was great! Pictures on the menu so you know exactly what you're ordering Everything was fresh and tasty. My only word of caution - some items came straight out and were very HOT! Be careful not to burn your tongue. Well priced, will definitely be back again! So glad to have a good dim sum place close to home!
Really good food, nice owners/staff. A little pricey, but worth it for good food. Seems like a popular take-out place. Every time we have eaten here, we have seen a ton of people come in to pick up their food.
OK - I used to work in Richmond Hill and go to Jim Chai Kee for wonton noodle soup. Since switching jobs, I haven't been able to find anything similar. Until now. Wonton Chai Noodle is very similar to JCK and I am soooo happy I found it on Yelp!I had the wonton noodle soup, which was amazing. My husband had the beef brisket noodle soup. Good, but a bit fatty. We also got the vegetables with oyster sauce (perfect) and dried fish skin (not for us). We will definitely be back for wonton noodle soup and veggies!!
The food here is excellent!! Great prices, great taste, large portions. Jajangmyun (black bean sauce on noodles) is soooo gooood. Highly recommended for Korean food!
Newly opened, gave it a try a few days ago for lunch. It was excellent! Ordered the Fire Dragon, Lakeshore and Suicide rolls with miso soup. The only bad thing : I'm now torn between Simon and Dani Sushi (just a few doors down). I love both, how will I decide each time I need sushi?
We dined in for the first time (have ordered delivery in the past). Veal parm dinner was delicious, and so was the pizza. My only complaint is that it took 45 minutes for the food to come out. Not sure if this is normal or a one-off, but will certainly give them another shot.
Delicious food! When you're wanting to grab a quick tasty bite, this is the place. Healthy and easy to order. Would recommend!
Delicious food, great atmosphere here. The bar area opens up to the outside so you can either sit outside or inside with the outside shining in. I had the tortilla soup and the street tacos, both were super delicious. We also ordered the guacamole and had the house salsa. Good choices! This would be a fun place for a large group as well as just 2 people. The music they played was of good variety as well. Overall have a great time with great food!
I frequent this Panera and usually am quite satisfied. Today 5/15/17 my husband and I went way after the lunch rush. About 3:00 pm. Upon ordering the cashier was great, no complaints. She informed me that the Fuji apple chicken salad could only be made today with real apples as they had run out of the dried apples. I agreed that would be just fine. When I received my salad, the apple was cut in about 6 wedges, both ends of the stem included. It was thrown in the salad and was NOT done with any care. I had to pick them out. To top it off, I was given no dressing and had to go interrupt the workers that were mostly disinterested if I could get dressing. Additionally the place was a mess and a female employee at the pick up counter (customer side) was playing around with a coworker behind the counter so loud that it was quite annoying. Laughing and acting as though they were at the pool. So disappointed in this visit. I hope it was a fluke.
Very very happy with the service I received as well as with the time between me calling and them arriving. This will be my go to garage door service every time . I highly recommend this company.
Love Redrock dental! Like a lot of people I don't enjoy going to the dentist, but Dr. McCaffrey is awesome! His office staff is great as well.  I Would recommend this office to anyone looking for a dentist.
Very happy with Lvvsc, the staff is amazing, Dr. Mason fixed my girl (hip dysplasia) and finally the rehab dept! Wonderful wonderful people. We can't thank Kelly and Autumn enough for the time and patience they showed. I would send anyone and everyone here! It's really a great place when you need specialty care.
Worst place EVER!! Rob Mchugh is a horrible excuse for a manager! I've been a Sprint customer for 17 years and never been treated so disrespectful EVER until communications with Rob. Save yourself the frustration and NEVER USE THIS STORE! There are much nicer reps at the downtown summerlin store.
Wonderful dinner place! Delicious food great outdoor seating, good service. Definitely recommend!
Normally when we frequent Crave, which is about 3-4 times a month, we are very happy. Food is good, service is good, all around very nice. However, today we went and ordered ice-t and the waiter informed us the machine was broken so we could not have ice-t which was fine. We then ordered bottled water and he then informed is that they were out of bottled water as well! How disappointing !!!!!! We left and went to CPK next door. Went back to Crave after a less than stellar performance the last time and they got it all right! Everything was amazing! We had sashimi and it was spot on! There are two Maggie's that work there. Both are servers and both are very very good at their jobs! Thank you Crave for making tonight's visit what we are accustomed to!
Very tasty food! Atmosphere on the patio is amazing. Service was fantastic. Nothing we requested was forgotten. More bread, done! More wine, done! Food was delivered exactly as ordered. We were very impressed with our first visit to Salute. Have to give a shout out to our server, Kevin. Thanks for being so  good at your job! ;)
Called this person to repair or replace my garage door because he had such good reviews. Things like response time about 1 hour etc. since my garage door was stuck open, a speedy repair was exactly what I needed. I left a message and NEVER received a call back. Never not that day or the next!
Terrible experience. These guys brought a truck too small for the job, so I still had to haul boxes on my own in my car back and forth after these guys were done. I got charged about $850 (including tip) for a 6 hour move. The guys that showed up worked hard, but clearly management needs improvement. I've moved several times before with 2 men and a truck and they charge more but at least my back was not sore after those moves.
I like to run. I found a story about a good place to run and I wanted to read a little more, but was necesary to sign in in this web page. I tried it, but think i did not do so good, because the web ask me about bussiness and no sport, but, I will continue for may target. I am sorry. Excuse my english
I gave it a one star because you can't do less.   This gym is awful.   The locker rooms are absolutely disgusting.   Nothing like taking a shower and seeing bugs crawling up the walls and out of the cracks of the shower head.   Doesn't really matter though.   They just got evicted for not paying rent since May.
They recently changed their chips and now they're not even close to being as good as the chips before. Still the best Mexican restaurant in the Charlotte area.  One if my favorite restaurants.
Aunt Chilada's is an amazing Phoenix experience! Always a great time with yummy hand shaken margaritas and bottomless yummy chips and salsa.  Best of all the service is great, especially from Nadia the hostess with the mostest!!!
I am thoroughly impressed with the follow-through and service of Dental Specialty Associates, Phoenix location (40th St & Camelback). The staff is super friendly, professional and attentive to all patient needs.  After my initial consultation with Dr. Berger, I was very pleased to have him perform the necessary services on my teeth and have absolutely no qualms about seeing him in the future. He is bright, energetic and positive! I also had a root canal re-do (previously performed by a totally different office) due to a very long palatal root that had an infection. Dr. Cavendar performed the re-do and all seems to be healing well.I'll be heading back to see Dr. Berger to be fitted with my permanent crowns in 2 weeks and look forward to another positive experience. Going to the dentist isn't fun (at least that is the consensus of most people!), however the Dr's and hygenists here at Dental Speciality Associates make it as comfortable of an experience as possible.I will certainly recommend this office to anyone in need of good dental care.
I LOVE this place! Julie, Christina, Lyndee... they are all fabulous and so fun to talk to!The service is excellent and the gel manicures are awesome.  The environment is serene and comfy, not stressful and like you're in a nail mill getting shoved around in cramped quarters.I highly recommend this place!!!
Terrible people. Rude and hillbillies. Towed my car from a lot (highland and center across from chipotle ) with NO visible towing sign. Total trap. Did not give me the management company number. No record of towing time etc.
Well what can I say !? Just Absolutely Fantastic. What to eat? order what you know or try something new, you simply can not go wrong.
I was introduced to Gracie and her awesome studio about a year ago! I can honestly say no other workout (and I do and have done everything as an avid runner and tennis player) had transformed my body and strength like MEGA has!! Thank you Gracie!
My first visit to Poppy Den was last night, New Year's Eve! Can I just say, I'm glad I landed there!! Was A-Mazing!!!So, glad Angelo decide on Vegas for his beautiful restaurant! Tivolli to be exact since it's 5 minutes from my house!!Now, I will be sure to frequent his NYC location on my business trips!!Thanks Angelo! And Happy NEW YEAR!!!
Not worth the 3 hour wait to get my haircut. These boys are nice and all. But they don't have a reservation system - walk in's only. I came on a Tuesday afternoon and was told the wait was an hour. Fine, put my name down, went away and came back an hour later. But then waited another two hours! Honestly, Crowsnest or Terminal are better bets if you value your time.
This review is for the day club on a Monday. We came by the Monday after EDC and got ourselves a daybed with a $250 spending minimum. There were only 2 of us but it could fit up to 6 and I'd super highly recommend it if you're with a group. For only a few bucks more, you get your own line to get inside, your own little area to yourselves, and a hot waitress to attend to your food and drink needs. Here's the quick lowdown:Pros- Not too crowded but still a decent amount of people to create a fun party atmosphere.- Cabanas had their own mini pool/spa! There were even cabanas with their own pool on a 2nd story overlooking everything!- Pool not as big as Wet Republic but bigger than Tao. Perfect size for just chillin and having a good time.- DJ was killing it with the beatsCons- Really small dance area (Way smaller than Hard Rock's Rehab and Wet Republic)- Pool not as big as Wet Republic, Daylight, or Encore Beach Club.- Drink prices were average for Vegas day club prices so be prepared to spend ($30 for specialty drink which is same size as a medium cup at Burger King).- Not much shade if you don't have an umbrella, cabana, or no access to the bar.Quick tips:-Come early. You get first pick on everything and absolutely no wait to get in.-If you're coming during the summer and looking at getting a daybed, make sure to request for a location that has an umbrella covering it. The summer heat is no joke! It reached temperatures of 115 degrees F during our stay and I kinda felt sorry for the people who had a daybed but were cooking in the sun without an umbrella.-Find a promoter along the strip. They can get you in free with a free complimentary drink. For guys, that's around $50 total right there you save. Only downside is you have to wait in the guest list line. That's last priority and depending on the time you come, you could be waiting for upwards of an hour to get in.-Put on sunscreen. You can get cancer in like 5 minutes in this Vegas oven sun.-If you bring inflatable things, they have to be deflated going in.-I wasn't allowed to bring my Kandi in but when inside, I saw others in there with it. Weird.-Don't bring gum. It'll get thrown away.-You can bring sunscreen.-Don't leave your stuff unattended even with a day bed. Security is scant.
Definitely a fan after checking this hot spot out this past Saturday with a friend and a large part of the awesome experience had to do with the fact that we got a VIP daybed.Sure, you have to spend a minimum of $400 but if you add up the cover for say 4 people, plus at $30/drink, that's already $240. And let's be real, you're going to get more than 1 drink so  you might as well get the VIP treatment.So my advice to future Rehab guests is this:1. Get a VIP daybed for parties of 6ish or less2. Show up around lunch time. They open at 11 so the sooner you get there, the better daybed location you'll get, and you'll have the individual attention of the servers, security, and hosts before it starts getting crowded. We got a $1000 daybed location for the price of $400 since we got there early.3. Don't bring gum. It isn't allowed inside.4. If you don't get a daybed, you have nowhere to put your things. The daybed includes a safe and drawers. Only relatively open locations are at the pool's edge and those get taken up real quickly. Plus not really a great spot to be putting your things with everyone splashing around like crazy.The servers were a little slow at times once it got packed but overall an amazing experience. Would definitely go back.
This is an updated review based on my visit last night compared to my last visit 4 years ago during peak hours.This club is everything a guy could ask for in a gentleman's club. Beautiful girls with gorgeous bodies and surprisingly really fun personalities if you don't come off as a creep or asshole. I have high standards when it comes to women and looks and all the girls here were 8s and above, with 10s every 4 girls or so and 9s every other girl, no lie.The entrance I believe is $40 but make sure to call them to use the complimentary limo service to not only have that entrance fee waived, but arrive there in style in a stretch limo. Don't even matter if you're by yourself. Just make sure to tip the driver $5/each guy or gal in your party.The music was on point all 4 hours I was there and the dj deserves a raise for that. He'd go from electronic, to hip hop, to techno with flawless ease and if there was a dance floor, I probably would've been on it. I salute you, dj.I do have 2 gripes if you'd consider these gripes. Nothing major:1. If you're an asthmatic, stay away. Smoke everywhere. I don't even smoke yet I woke up the next day smelling like cigarettes still. That's how bad it is. Small price to pay though for all the gorgeous women.2. So many places to sit, yet all the seats were taken because it was packed. Only option was to take a girl to either the vip, champagne room, or rhino room.Some tips from me:1. Set a spending limit and don't use the atm in there. It hits you with a $45 atm transaction fee. No thank you.2. There's a back room where it's $100 for 3 dances in a more secluded setting. They don't tell you this but there's also a $45 2 drink minimum for you and the girl so it comes out to $145 each time you're in there.3. Don't be shy. If there's a really hot girl that you want, grab her before someone else does. These girls are the ones in high demand.4. Some girls can be pushy. Don't do anything unless you really want to. It's your money. You do what you want.Overall, an awesome experience and I highly recommend it if you have the cash.
As an all-drinks bar with no food, the ambience of the place takes the cake. It's set up so that the main bar is in the middle of a gigantic chandelier which creates an awesome environment. Service was a little slow but overall, not a bad place to sit with friends, relax and chill before that concert or show you're going to.
Scallops were delicious. If you get an Identity Membership card at the front desk (free btw) you get a complimentary margarita with the purchase of a margarita.Overall, definitely an interesting menu combining both latin and asian cuisine to form a fusion of deliciousness.
I've been looking forward to writing this review. This is based off of 3 separate visits at different times. Since I had a hotel credit of $26/Day, this is the only place where you can use it since you can't use it at a store or the frozen drinks store:Visit 1: Ordered Philly fries at 8pm. About 5 other orders ahead of me. Took 40 minutes to get my fries and by the time I got it, it was cold. (-2 stars)Visit 2: Ordered a slice of combo pizza around 3pm. Pretty busy with about 7 orders ahead of me and 5 people behind me. After waiting for 20 minutes for what should be really as simple as throwing the slice in the oven for 2 minutes, I go back up to the counter and they tell me there was a mix up and there's no combo pizza left. I had to get a Hawaiian pizza instead. (-2 stars)Visit 3: Ordered another round of Philly fries around 3pm. Not as busy as the 2nd time. Old lady at the front was rude and made no effort to see why I couldn't charge the pizza to my room. Had to pay out of pocket instead of using my hotel credit. Took 15 minutes this time to get my Philly fries. A new record. (0 stars)Overall, whoever manages this place needs to be FIRED. Absolutely disgusted at how inefficiently run this place is and how rude some of the employees can be. Even with the $26/day hotel credit, it's honestly not even worth it to put up with the other stuff that comes with it. Spend your money at MGM or Excalibur next door for better food options and service.
I completely agree with some of the reviews below me about the bad service. Sure, the staff are friendly enough, but the wait time is just ridiculous. Maybe I came at a bad time at 1230 in the morning and everyone was just tired, but that really isn't an excuse for over an hour of waiting for 6 plates of food.This place would've gotten 4/5 stars if it wasn't for the wait time. At least when the food finally came out, it wasn't all that bad. If you're really hungry and looking for a late night snack, this isn't the place to go. You'll be extremely starving and grumpy by the time the food comes out.
I've been to XS, Marquee, and Omnia, and out of the 4 clubs, I couldn't really tell you the difference between Hakkasan and the rest of them. I still had a great time but it's not really unique. Just like Marquee and Omnia, there's a main dance floor that plays edm and a smaller hip hop room called Ling Ling's. The size of both the main floor and hip hop room are probably the exact same size as Marquee. Just like all the other clubs, drinks are expensive as hell. I feel like if you go to Omnia, you don't really need to go to Hakkasan.For guys and gals, get pre-sale tickets beforehand. Tickets at the door have been rumored to cost up to $100. As a guy, I only paid $45 online. Plus you don't have to wait in an obnoxiously long line. Sure you can be put on the guest list but by 9:30pm, the guest list line was already snaking around the outside so you'll be standing outside for a hot minute waiting to get into a club that opens at 11pm.Overall, it's a fun club, don't get me wrong. I just feel like you've not really missing out on much if you go to either Omnia or Marquee instead.
I've been to XS, Marquee, and Hakkasan and out of those clubs, this is by far the biggest and craziest. I felt like I was at a production of Cirque Du Soleil on the main dance floor. Dancers coming out of the ceiling and the ceiling itself coming down so low you could probably jump up and touch it. Yeah that's right. The ceiling and chandelier move. I've never seen anything like it and going to Omnia just to watch this show is almost worth the price of admission.The volume and bass when you're on the dance floor made you feel like you were standing front row at EDC. It shakes you to the core.Only issue I had and it really isn't too big an issue since I kinda expected it was the amount of people. I almost felt like I was in Times Square again on New Year's. Unless you've got yourself a VIP booth, prepare to be pushed and shoved as if you were livestock on a cattle farm.Other than that, very fun experience. Calvin Harris and the dj before him rocked it out and the energy was just off the charts.
Let me start with this: Will I be coming back here after my first experience next time I'm in Vegas? Yeah sure why not. Why only 4 stars and not 5 stars you ask? It's because the advertised "free" limo ride to Sapphire's comes with a catch. There's a two drink minimum for each person and with each drink costing $20, that's $40 total for one person. The price for a normal cover into the club. Plus you need to tip the limo driver. The limo driver made sure to remind me to "take care" of him when he dropped us off. Usually the limo driver's supposed to take care of the client and not the other way around but ok.Other than that, I had a good time at the club. You get seated at a table, get your drink order in, and then girls come flocking to you, especially if you continue to buy lap dances. As a normal guy, I do love all that attention. The girls range from skinny Asians straight off the boat from China to super hot, busty blonde girls you'd see in a porno starring Lexington Steele. I got here at 2am from Marquee and didn't leave until around 5am. At the "start" of the night, I'm estimating there were around 75-100 girls. By the time I left, around 40 or so. Still a lot of hot girls to choose from. Just make sure that if you see a girl that you want, grab her quick because she's a hot commodity and will probably be nabbed by another guy if you don't act on it. Lap dances are $20. The two I got (or three or four I don't know) were great. They last a full song and you can touch almost everything. Everything above the belly button is fair game.Beers are $13. Ouch.Can't really say anything about the VIP area since I never went back there but girls were quoting me at around $100-$150 for around 15 minutes in the back. Another girl told me about private rooms overlooking the club that go for upwards of a grand. You can see the one way glass of the rooms if you look up next time you're in the main room. I can't really say what goes on in there since I've never been in one.I think a majority of the negative reviews that you see on here are because of poor planning. If there's something specific that you want or are looking for, make sure to call the club in advance.Next time you're in Vegas, other than Spearment Rhino, make sure to check out Sapphire's as well before leaving. I'll post another review when I check out their day club this Spring.
The proximity of the hotel to the strip for half the cost of a strip hotel room is a huge plus. The rooms were also very nice for the cost.My only issue is this and it set the tone for the rest of my stay here which is why I gave it two stars:As someone who is currently active duty military and looking to relax and enjoy myself before going on deployment, the treatment I received from the front desk staff was not very welcoming. I booked a room for 2 double beds via Vegas.com. According to the front desk when I checked in, the room isn't a guarantee since it was with a third party so the only room they had available was a King bed which would be fine if I was traveling by myself but this wasn't the case.The front desk then told me that I had to wait if I wanted to get a room with two double beds. For how long, she couldn't say and I asked if I could try again Saturday morning when people checked out but she said they were fully booked that day as well. So pretty much if you don't book your room on the main Westin website, nothing is guaranteed. Maybe a free upgrade to compensate for the lack of availability of the pre-paid room would've been nice and something that's happened before at other hotels I've stayed at on the strip but it wasn't the case here. I'd say it's worth it to spend that few extra dollars and stay at a hotel that actually guarantees you the room you requested.
It's not bad. Not as good as Sapphire's but still a good club.The treatment by the club staff is bar none some of the best treatment I've ever received. If you book one of their VIP tickets online in advance, when you get there after taking the free limo service (just need to tip the driver), they really go out of their way to make sure everything is the way you want it. From expedited entry, to having a table and girls waiting for you when you arrive, the VIP ticket you can buy online is worth it. It includes a $50 drink voucher so you're technically only spending $15 for VIP service.Lap dances are the standard $20. Just can't touch anything above or below the waist in the main room. Have to go to the VIP room for that and that costs at least $100 for 3 songs.Girl selection was ok. The really hot ones would only do lap dances in the VIP room.I do have to give a shout out to my waitress, Jen. Not only was she gorgeous but she had an amazing personality and caring attentiveness that just made the whole experience even that much more top notch.
For the value and location of this place, this hotel is not bad at all. I think a lot of the mad reviews are being really nit-picky about this hotel especially when you can get a hotel room for $25/night here during the week. You get what you pay for and for $25/night, you really shouldn't be expecting the services and quality that you would see at newer, fancier, and way more expensive hotels like the Wynn and Cosmopolitan.People stay here for its location and when you're sitting on the Strip next door to the New York New York, Tropicana, and Luxor hotels and an extremely short taxi ride away from the Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, Caesar's Palace, and Cosmopolitan, you really can't beat this deal.I highly recommend this hotel if you're budget-conscious, looking for a place to crash during the night and don't plan on staying in the room the entire time you're in Vegas which is just silly since you're in Vegas!
I've been to a lot of buffets and this is by far the best buffet I've ever been to.The selection, the service, the environment, and the food was all top-notch, which is what you would expect from a buffet that costs $50+ for lunch.They start clearing out the lunch buffet at 2:30pm and are closed between 3 and 5 so if you plan on coming during lunch, make sure to give yourself enough time to stand in line followed by grubbing on some food after that.They also give a 10% military discount so make sure to have your military ID on hand if this applies to you!
OK, so I get here to Scottsdale and I am still on East Coast time, BUT this is a 1 star joint if that. While I do like joints, the quality here is not what was written about in this string. Very Average at best, I will say that the Habanera salsa was outstanding however. It could be that I am jet lagged, but I have been to Mexico and do pride myself on knowing food, Mexican and others.....perhaps it is good to those who just are not all that knowledgeable?  Good Eating.
Bait and switch is RIGHT!  Buyer beware.  Know your container sizes.  Don't let them sell you a "5 gallon" in a 3 gallon container.  Likewise they told us we had a "10 gallon" which was in a 5 gallon container.  They are like the car salesmen of the plant industry.  And check your receipt carefully!!!
Fantastic Orthodontist and office staff!! We had a great experience here and plan on taking our youngest daughter here for her braces as well.  They are highly trained, really kind, and polite beyond belief.  We highly recommend using this orthodontist for all your dental needs :)
Fantastic salesman - Wally!! He was so kind and patient with us, we wanted to look at a lot of vans and then started back where we began. He never once complained!  Wally Illsley is a fantastic person to work with, Moore is lucky to have him.  The deal went down without a hitch and we'd recommend this dealership (and Wally) to anyone!
I happened to be visiting from New York and my friend suggested we try this place.  We got lucky and they happened to have a table for four available that night.  I honestly didn't have any idea that a place called Joe Beef was actually one of the top restaurants in the city. Definitely a pleasant surprise!We had pork fish sticks to start. Pork with fish stick batter and shape. It comes with mustard and pickles. Just a fun and interesting bite to start.For mains we had steak, a soup in a pastry (don't recall the name), rabbit, and lobster spaghetti.  Every single item was absolutely phenomenal. The rabbit had the most delicate flavor and the lobster spaghetti was perfectly al dente pasta, amazing sauce, and perfectly cooked lobster.The dessert is really what blew our minds.  The server dropped off a bagel with salmon and cream cheese and just waited for our reaction.  After a few puzzled moments, we told him we hadn't ordered that.  He said, that's the dessert, break into it and try it.  The bagel was pastry, the salmon was candied fruit, the onions were apple, and the cream cheese was ice cream.  What an amazing mind-bending treat!I've been to several Michelin 1 and 2 star restaurants in NYC and San Fran and I would say the quality of food at Joe Beef easily surpasses them in a much more casual atmosphere.  If you visit Montreal, I highly recommend making reservations well in advance so you won't have to trust in luck like we did. It's absolutely worth it!
I had the most awesome breakfast ever. Service was great and the staff was fun and very accommodating. I placed my order for the breakfast burrito, received my coffee told the sweet cashier I was going to gamble and would be back. She actually took the time to stop by and tell me she just put the order down so I had additional time to play. Finished playing food was ready , ate in the nice clean patio area. Great tasting and wonderful portion size!
Clean!!! Great value for the money . Staff is friendly and very helpful. Little to no wait! I would definitely recommend Vegas Sun Tan to all!!!
Dr Weingrow is Fabulous I can actually say I enjoy going to see my doctor!!! He is informative and the office staff is outstanding ! From getting my friendly voice reminders from Christine to dealing with doctors outstanding office manager Teresa it feels like I'm visiting friends!!!
Great Service very helpful offered 20% savings! I would recommend them based on cleanliness, professionalism , and outstanding customer service.
FABULOUS!!! A little on the pricy side but so well worth it! Customer friendly!!!! Fabulous app so you can order and pick up on your way home from work.
We got takeout and it was great! The wait time was longer than expected, but they were very nice. We had soup and shrimp lo mein.
I decided to come back after a poor experience last time and it wasn't much better. I was allowed to order food this time which was an improvement from last time when we couldn't place a food order because the kitchen was so far behind. Today we got food but it was still soooo slow. Additionally, they aren't willing to make any exceptions or accommodate any customers requests. I wanted one pancake with my brunch. Nope, won't do it. Refuses. Come on! It's one pancake.
A group of 4 of us were in Vegas for a birthday, and came across this place. Amazing tacos! There is such a variety of taco fillings and meat. The guacamole and chips are also a must-have. They have a really good chips to guacamole ratio, and even offered us more chips after. Great food, customer service, and ambiance. Can't wait to come back to Vegas so we can eat here again.
Been coming to this Living Room for a few months now, and it's never been a disappointment. The good food, great drink selection, and friendly staff always make me want to come back. Some of my favorite dishes for lunch or dinner are the pretzels (recommend the Brie cheese), the prime rib sliders, and the KIG sushi roll. Their brunch is delicious too. The chilaquiles is my favorite, not to mention their bloody Mary's and bottomless mimosas. The staff here are great. I love how they share tables, you can always get what you need from anyone, with a quick response. Can't wait to go back and try more of the menu!
One of my favorite restaurants in Chandler. The service is great, the servers are super friendly, and the food is AMAZING. I've been there quite a few times and have tried a lot of their menu. The teppanyaki is delicious! I highly suggest the shrimp, scallops and the fried rice....everything was seasoned to perfection. Their sushi is among the best I've had in AZ. My favorite is the KIG roll. I will definitely be returning to Rock Lobster.
I've used this business several times now, and had great service!  They fit me right in, and Mike at the front desk,  ( I believe he owns the business ) is always very informative and helpful. They are always busy, so if you don't want to wait, call the day before you need something done.
Presidential has always given us amazing customer service, on time, very clean and nice vehicles and amazing drivers. We mostly use Scott, who I cannot say enough good things about. Just an all around great guy! When Scott has not been available, every other drive has been great! Now our regular trips to vegas do not begin without presidential picking us up! :)
Just did the Afterburner this afternoon for my birthday. All I can say is WOW! The whole experience was fun and amazing. My pilot was super motivating and fun. The entire staff was very welcoming and friendly. I would recommend this to anyone ! Can't wait to come back and do it again!
I stayed here during a conference in the summer. Reservation and check in were easy and quick. I would give it 1 star for the price and another start for the location. I bumped it up a star since I didn't have to pay myself (reimbursements are the bombdiggity) and the hotel is literally across the street of the Park. The hotel is pretty run down but the beds are comfy. My toilet required a lot of yelling to flush halfway properly, and the internet room provides you with speeds that could take a lesson from dial up. The wi fi you get in your room is solid, however, if you have an issue I would recommend trying to fix it yourself as they don't have anything at the front desk: no help, no clue, no corkscrew or bottle opener you could borrow. The staff is friendly but doesn't really give a shit.
I was in town and dropped in on a Thursday for evening class. Prior I had emailed Kru Leo asking about what I should bring, etc.. He responded very promptly and recommended that I bring all my gear as the class schedule depends on how many people show and how experienced they are. Drop in fee is 20 dollars for a 2 hour session, which is very reasonable. The rough order of things on that day were: quick loosening up/stretching, then partnered calf and shin conditioning, jogging, then you carry your partner on your back once around the course. After that you jump rope for 3 to 4 rounds (2 minutes pace, 30 seconds sprint), followed by shadow boxing. In between rounds you do knees and pushups. Then you do partner drills. After that you start hitting pads (2 rounds each), then a couple rounds of sparring, followed by conditioning and stretching. Very fun class! Kru Leo is very friendly and teaches very traditional Thai style, which I was extremely happy about. He evaluates the students and groups them according to experience, so beginners don't feel overwhelmed and more advanced students can deepen their technique. The students are all very friendly and welcoming as well. Kru Leo emphasizes technique over power, which is the best indicator for a good instructor. Please give this gym a try, you won't regret it!
I give it 4 stars as the staff here was amazing. Yep, good service is worth a lot too and should be acknowledged. Their beer selection isn't only limited but doesn't feature a single Canadian craft brew. The cashier was very helpful and not only gave me tips on where to go but also which beers to try. You get a scratch card after your purchase which I found quite neat. I won a 15 dollar gift card which I ended up giving the next guy in line as I was only visiting for a few days. If you are into wine, this is your one stop shop!
Love this spot! Very well designed and crafted with love, so much natural light regardless of the size of this building. The people working here were amazing. What a great facility!
Located in La Cite underground mall complex, this little cafe is perfect when you need a delicious treat and coffee on the go. I had the salmon bagel with capers and onions, which was made fresh in front of my eyes and a tall cafe latte which really kicked my butt into gear. Both, the sandwich and the coffee were superb! The ladies who work here are amazingly friendly yet quick and on point and will make sure you leave with a smile. Thank you, Van Houtte!!
A-Ok in my book. The shop was very close to my hotel and provided me with everything I needed to make it through the day. The self checkout was quick and the produce I bought was fresh. They charge for bags so don't forget to bring your own.
Everyone is so friendly and nice!!!! Wonderful staff and I even got 2 free windshield wipers :) not to mention they did a great job on my oil change and fixed my tire pressure. If I wasnt moving from AZ I wouldnt go anywhere else but here!
A big thank you to Stretch for helping me out today! I went in to get a part to help me troubleshoot a problem with the stereo. After a bit of Q&A he went to make sure I had the right part and he was able to determine what was wrong and got the stereo up and running! It is so nice to have music while traveling from point A to point B again. The staff is always super nice and very helpful when I go in. Especially because my husband is overseas and I'm not too good with this type of maintenance, I am very appreciative of this. Thank you again!
Brought my truck in for an oil change. I spoke with Charlie on the phone and he was very kind and helpful. I met with him when I arrived and he explained what he was doing and why, (I'm not too saavy) and what his crew found and his recommendations. I had a great experience and would be happy to go there for my future truck maintenance needs.
We ordered delivery through the Eat24 app. It was a very simple process. The estimated delivery time was a bit long, but they got here within that window. The delivery gal was very friendly, all smiles. The food was hot and in good sized portions. The crab Rangoon was awesome!!!  Crispy and bursting the cream cheese mixture (which I like, to each their own) We got beef fried rice, beef and broccoli, and a pepper steak combo. Generous portions of meat, the veggies were still crunchy and the sauces were flavorful. For our first experience we were quite satisfied and will be ordering from them in the future.
This review is crazy long overdue. I had two palm trees that were destroying a common wall on my property. I had researched several companies and Scott had a great combination of positive reviews and a reasonable quote. I also liked that he didn't give me a run-around. He responded quickly to my quote request and did follow up when I said I was still shopping. He was very personable, knowledgeable, and polite, as well as his crew. They got to work and quickly as well as diligently removed majority of the trees. Unfortunately they ran into a snag with some equipment that prevented them from grinding the stumps down as far as they need to be. Scott was very professional and said he was coming back the next day to complete the job, which true to his word, he was back early the next morning to complete the removal. They disposed of the trunk and palm fronds and cleaned all debris left from the removal. When I purchased my home there were many planted items that had been poorly placed, in addition to the trees. Also, I do not have a green thumb whatsoever, so the roses were in need of manicuring. I had discussed my concerns with Scott and he had noticed a few things himself. As an added bonus, due to the equipment malfunctioning and because of what I expect is that he's just a good guy, he offered to remove an oleander plant, trim a tree that was hanging annoyingly low and fix the roses! And if that wasn't enough, he even offered recommendations for a mason to help repair the damage to the common wall, which is unstable due to the trees growing into them. Scott and his crew provided great quality of service and I am absolutely greatful for it. I will recommend Scott to anyone looking for his services. Thank you
I was having some repairs done to my vehicle and they offered me the loaner, so I decided to get a long overdue pedi. I searched Yelp and came across this salon. I got right in and Kelly was my technician. She was excellent! Anticipated my needs, she was efficient, and courteous. I picked a design out of the photo album and asked for a different color. After an initial application she suggested another shade of the color so it would show up better, and I'm happy she did. As I got into the car, my foot got caught under the peddle and smudged my big toe! Ugh! It was so perfect too. I walked back in and explained what happened and they fixed it, like new! I will be happy to return!  Thank you!!!
The location would sell the place even if the food and beer were only OK.  The former church is an amazing place to visit in its own right.Fortunately, the beer and food stand up equally well and made for a tremendously enjoyable evening.We were in town for a pre-Christmas get away and went to CBW for dinner on a Wednesday night.We feared the worst when we pulled into the side street and the their lot to see it quite full and figured that were in for a wait inside.  Thankfully, our concerns were unfounded as the place was busy but not crowded.We sat on the "pub" side to the left of the aisle.  Our server arrived promptly with drink menus and quickly gave excellent descriptions of all of their seasonal beers.  I go to a lot of brewery restaurants and one of my biggest peeves are servers who have no clue about the product that they are trying to sell.  It was a pleasure to hear someone enthusiastically describe their beers.I settled on the Mexican Mole Stout.  It was peppery and complex yet really balanced and enjoyable.  It didn't feel "contrived" like many infused beers.  After that, I went on to the barleywine ad have to say it was excellent as well with lots of alcohol warmth, complex malt tastes and very nice notes of the bourbon aging.My wife enjoyed the SteamHammer very much.As an appetizer, we couldn't turn down the fired risotto balls.  They were a wonderful treat and I'm going to try to replicate this recipe.For dinner we settled on the portabello mushroom pizza and it was equally good and adequately portioned.Highly recommended restaurant.
I order stuff based on reviews and I ordered from this place tonight. I guess family members and workers were paid to review this one. Reviews say to order "Pizza, wings, and garlic knots"  all 3 three were sooo bad! they use cheap ingredients and even after a drink or 2 the still food sucked. Pizza tasted like chalk, wings were microwaved and had no sauce on them, the garlic knots were dry knots of bread with NO flavor.  Order Papa Johns not this bs review place!!!!
Great Beer Selection and Spicy Tuna Roll!
Sat outside with another couple and had a great dinner! Little pricey, but the quality of food was good. I love to share plates and this place is great for that!
Fish Taco's are more of a warp, but the dipping mustard sauce is die for! I'll be back for happy hour for some spicy tuna rolls and tacccooos!
Buyer BEWARE. READ THE FINE PRINT. Bought this deal off of Groupon hoping this would be a perfect answer for a single that doesn't like to cook anymore. Beginning this review with a positive--it was nicely packaged - when it arrived food was still frozen. BUT I found the food very disappointing then lo and behold here came another package that I wasn't expecting. Turns out once you have ordered, they keep sending. YIKES. So called them right away cancelling , asked for a refund and to pick up the delivery, but they refused. So the package sits in my patio and rots because it's not worth taking up space in my small freezer.
Tonight was my second time to Brocach. The shepherd's pie my first time was amazing and filling. Tonight i went with the special, a pasta with chicken, asparagus, sauteed onions and parmesan/bread crumb crusting. Being primarily irish-oriented, this dish rivaled some of my best italian experiences! Bravo! I am very impressed and will be back. The bloody and blueberry press house cocktails are really good as well, as is the selection of whiskey.
This bar deserves 0 stars. My first and only time going to this place was a horrible experience. All was fine until my boyfriend was pushed off the dance stage by Whiskey Jack's security, proceeded to fall flat on his face and spill his drink entirely on himself. Obviously embarrassed, and luckily not hurt (for Whiskey Jack's sake), him and I left having not finished our drinks. Within the next few days I attempted to communicate through Facebook involving the injustice I believe to have happened, including a post explaining the situation in its entirety. Whiskey Jack's simply deleted my comment on their page with no apology or message of any kind. What complete disrespect from a business! Also being in contact with the police regarding the incident, we later learned Whiskey Jack's has a strict "female-only on the dance stage" rule. Bull-$hit. I'm a male and I wasn't forced off the stage. If you're looking for a bar that treats you like a money-spending customer should be treated, this bar is the furthest from it. I still wouldn't step foot in the place and even to this day tell everyone this story. Word of mouth can help you or hurt you, and Whiskey Jack's shows this as I never hear anything good about this dump. Wouldn't recommend it, my money is better spent elsewhere, and I don't need an establishment to tell me who can go on a stage and who cannot when everyone is out to have a good time. Shame on Whiskey Jack's.
Went here for dinner tonight. Showed up around 4 and were "ushered" outside and around a corner, presumably because it was two guys, which they seemed overly awkward about upon arrival. Ordered the bbq bowl, which was decent. Bread rolls are blah. Got the check and because of an event at 7pm, our drinks, which should have been half off for happy hour, were full price. No mention upon ordering, or being seated. Waited about ten minutes for check and was given change in 5's and one single...needless to say, and i hate undertipping, they got the single. Rule #1 for servers, give ones back as change. Not sure i'll be back, wasn't worth the money.
$9-10 for three falafel in a bowl? Workers rush you through the line, are short with you, and expect you know everything and don't ask questions. This is not a burger joint, most people do not eat this type of food or have never had it before. Customer service was horrible, food was minimal for the price and they rush you through even when you're the only one in line so they can get back to whatever else they're doing that's more important. Voiced my opinion to corporate, who apparently doesn't care enough to even respond. Not the best business model when you're new in town. I'll walk down to Palmyra or the Banzo food cart before going here again. You've been warned.
I've been here a few times now. Grilled cheese and tomato soup lunch special is super filling, and worth the $8. Nice atmosphere, casual attire. Burgers are really good as well as the cheese curds! Waiters/waitresses are hit or miss, have had good and not so good.
Luckys is great for groups, or on your own. The fish fry on fridays is the best in madison (IMO) and the burgers are nothing short of amazing. Cheap drinks, good eats and a great staff make lucky's one of the best sports bars in madison. I'll definitely be back.
I really enjoyed my experience at Capital. I got the salmon entree and it was cooked perfectly and tastes awesome! Waiter was punctual and nice. Bar can get a little loud, but outdoor seating would solve that. Try the deep-fried zucchini!
Went here for dinner. Was seated quickly, and service was fast! Staff was knowledgeable and polite. Food came out within 15 minutes, fresh and sizzling. We'll be back! Try the alfredo al limon, tons of chicken and sauce was great.
My dinner at Cento was the best I've had in Madison. The pizza's are amazing, and the calamari is one of the best I've had. Try the barrel-aged negroni, or carpano antica. Service was precise and friendly. I'll definitely go back every chance i get.
If you're thinking of getting a car wash here, DON'T. I've been here twice now and I didn't think it could get worse the second time. The first time, we paid for a $200 complete car detailing job that took more than the entire day. We dropped the car off at 10AM. Since this place closes at 6, we drove by in another car at 4:30PM to see that the car was parked in the garage with the doors open and no one working on it. We asked about when it would be finished, they said by closing at 6PM. When closing time rolled around, still nothing from this establishment. We came to get the car regardless and they were 'finishing up'. First, the detailing includes full vacuum and shampooing of the interior. What they did definitely not do that. The chairs still had dirt on them and the ceiling of the car was still dirty. The side panels weren't touched. The trunk still had dirt particles on it! There were still particles in the cracks that should have been picked up with a vacuum. Nope. They didn't touch the wheels. At all. When we pointed out the flaws, they said that was the best they could do because they were strapped on time and were already working overtime. Uh what? You had the car for 8 hours. How could that even happen? After a dispute with the manager, we were still fuming and the manager thought that a complimentary platinum car wash would help. Let me tell you. It didn't.This second time with the complimentary, we thought maybe a second chance. Nope.A platinum wash is supposed to include tire dressing, wax on the exterior, leather conditioning on the interior, etc... Tires were still dirty, no wax on the exterior, the second row of seats and truck didn't get vacuumed, no interior leather conditioning. Thanks, exactly what I was looking for. We figured it was weird that the car was ready after 15 minutes. Not even worth my time or money. Go down the street and get the $3 automatic car wash. You'll get a better cleaning and feel satisfied with what you paid for. Do not recommend.
For an office that boasts excellent patient care, they are awful. This was my second appointment with Roxy Anderson and she obviously needs to figure out the mantra of the office. On top of the expectedly long wait time, Roxie came in irritate. She asked what was wrong, cut me off before I finished telling her my symptoms, told me to try Claritin and rushed us to leave. I'm not sure it was even five minutes before she said she was done. Roxie said that she didn't "have time for me" and if I wanted, I could make another appointment. I took a day off work to pay to see you for my health and this is the service you give me. Basic customer service and patient care was not evident at all. Normally after leaving the PCP office, I have an eased mind that they are helping me. This was not the case at all. She did nothing for me and was a waste of my time and money. I am incredibly unhappy and disappointed. Be wary if you choose to frequent this place.
Cheesecake factory:  First hand walking into the establishment was beautiful, the ambiances was spectacular.  Then it ended from there.  The bar tender had know idea how to mix drinks.... was our first to kick off the experience at this establishment.  So we asked for the second in charge to give it a try.   The drinks were much better.  Then it went down hill from there!   Really!  The service was horrible, just horrible.  After three drinks we were cut off.  Management was very unprofessionally gave our seats away after waiting for 45 min.  All due to the malfunction of the beeper's did come around announcing our name.  I guess paying the bar tab was too slow for them. The server was slow, after asking four times for new silverware, which was dirty.....finally received a clean set.  Food was slow coming out to our table.  When it did arrive it was not hot.  The flavors where sub par.   None of the food delighted my palate whatsoever.  A return trip here will never happen.
The hotel is in a very good location, in the middle of everything, easy to get around with several choices in restaurants close by. They have excellent customer service and bedding turn down along with Japanese slippers and comfortable robes. The fitness center was well equipped with newer equipment, weights and yoga mats. Free water, coffee and tea (well maybe not free as you do pay a $28 resort fee - don't get me started!) The room is okay - nothing that makes you feel like you never want to leave! No view, no balcony, no tub, did I mention no hot water?!!! The walk-in shower is beautiful but in room 7824 (don't let the number fool you, there are only 10 floors with rooms) it took nearly five minutes for the shower to heat up. Even then the water was only tepid! The wi-fi, forget about it - what a nightmare to access, what a wait to get internet (rivaled the shower hot water time!)  I would only stay here again for the location and the friendliness of the staff!!!
If you are looking for an elegant dining experience, this is the place. Their staff is impeccable, very knowledgeable and accommodating. There when you need them, away when you are busy eating (I have disdain for servers asking how is everything right after you have removed the fork from your mouth!)The food was excellent except for a couple of items in my opinion:1) The stone crabs - they were tasteless2) The Madagascar Shrimp - so large they were like grilled beef and with little tasteThe main course was fabulous as I had the crab stuffed shrimp and the Chateau Lafitte Bordeaux wine was so smooth, WOW!!!
Is it company policy to be rude to customers? Apart from one of the staff member everyone was extremely rude.  One staff member even walked into me and did not even say "excuse me" yet she stared blankly like it was my fault. I asked for certain pants and they turned around and just pointed.
I called them at 10.30 saying ill be there in 15 minutes given they close at 11. When I arrived with a party of 15 ( which I mentioned on the phone) they denied me and were extremely rude. Lack of professionalism and courtesy.
This year has been completely chaos with this so called company!! The customer service is a joke and the billing department is no better they don't work together so when there is a issue things get confusing on both ends!! I have been insured with these people for a few years and now having problems that they can't seem to explain?? I make payment monthly on there western union pay and the past few moths there's been a problem?? They then send me a check for a quite a bit of money and when I called to ask about it they said it was overage and it was due to me??? This week I go to pay my monthly and now I owe them almost $1000 ????? Wtf ..... after 3 phone calls and being disconnected with them not calling me back....I finally got a hold of the supervisor......she does some investigating because she is clearly lost on why they sent me back the money, to now tell me it was there error sending me the money and that I still owe them??? They can fuckn suck a nut and go to hell!! I will be canceling my coverage and make sure I tell everyone that they are completely incompetent!!
The worst bathrooms ever! They smell like sewage and they are filthy! You might just want to hold it....
This was my first visit and I am very impressed on how CLEAN they are here! You get your own file and foot scrub which is great knowing that other people's dead skin isn't still on it, they have vegan nail polish which is great and plenty of polishes to choose from! Danni did a great job on my feet and I will be seeing her on a regular basis now! This place is a great find :)
This place is consistent, clean and right on time!!! Every week me and my family have dinner here and we are alway pleased with the service and food!!! This is a must stop for your love of mediterranean food
Food was great but very disappointed with the staff!! The host walked and talked and served everyone but me?? She offered extra pitta bread and to go boxes and never once came my way? I had lunch by my self which I do often and I really felt some type of way that I didn't get same treatment as the other customers..... next time I'll do take out
Great Show!I got tickets through Travelzoo for 50% off.  Then upgraded to VIP tickets for $10 more we ended up with front row center tickets. Great show really funny and knows things that blew some of the audiences mind! I would definitely recommend going to this show and the price is right for 90 minutes if great entertainment.
My family stayed here for 3 nights. Everything has been great the only disappointment was the housekeeping it was not up to the level the rest of our experience had been. They kicked my son out while they cleaned the room which I thought was odd. Also, my shampoo/conditioner amenities were not replenished this makes it difficult when you are in the shower ready to wash your hair and there is no shampoo. Another situation was not replenishing the toilet paper along which put me in a precarious situation I had to send me son to the front desk to get some! On another note, the meals are wonderful the breakfast and dinner. The rooms are great it has a full kitchen and I love the beds it is one of the few hotels I get a good nights sleep because their beds are so comfortable. It is one of my favorite things the Hilton brand have GOOD BEDS! It is a wonderful hotel our family had such a great stay other than the housekeeping issue which we were later told the hotel knew they had.
My daughter and I went shopping here while we were here for our visit. It was an OK mall. They do have quite a few stores that I frequent but some of them were dismissal in selection. In Ross they had Security officiers every where making me think this mall was in a bad part of town and had a major theft problem. My 11 year old daughter went to try something on and a big, tall security man needs to look at what she is trying on before she goes into the stall. I have never been in a changing room area where security is checking in the clothes you try on in addition to the room attendant. We had an enjoyable experience but I kept my daughter close after my experience at Ross. Being new to the area I am not sure what kind of area this is in but the patrons did make me feel a little uneasy. Overall my daughter and I had a good time together and found a few good deals.
We had great time! As soon as walked in it was fun to see how our clothes glowed in the dark and everything was neon. We used a coupon from Living Social which made it more cost affordable for me and the kids. When we checked in we each got a glow in dark bracelet each a different color, picked our clubs which also glowed, then were shown how to get out balls to glow in the dark and keep them bright.I am from San Diego and they do not have one there so the kids wanted to do something different and fun! They need to put one in San Diego! We had a lot of fun even my 15 year old wanted to play another round he enjoyed it so much! Would definitely go back next time we are in town.
My daughter and I just got back from a pedicure it was wonderful!  the kids pedicure comes with 2 designs one for each big toe along with the other normal pedicure stuff for $20.She choose a Hawaiian sunset for her toes and they did a great job! My massage was from Jane and she have me the most wonderful and lengthy message then I think I have ever had a a nail salon.The prices are about average compared to the other salons but it is worth it. Very clean, half way, decent bathroom, and good quality nail polish that stays on I used Duri.
This place is incredible!We had the pork bun app and split it and it was so flavorful and tasty. then we split the Euro Burger and my husband said it was the best burger he had ever had and he eats out all the time. For desert the Sticky Toffee Pops they were fun to have a gourmet push up with toffee, brownie and ice cream. We walked away stuffed and happy!
This was a great show it had some very talented acts and some very funny acts too. I bought the tickets 50% off  through Travel zoo worth the price it made for a great date night.  The show is not for the conservative at heart many of the jokes are suggestive and racey. My husband and I enjoyed and would recommend it to others.
We arrived here for lunch before our road trip back home.  The place was packed and we had to wait about 10-15 min for a party of 6.  I read the mixed reviews for the Bun Bo Hue and wanted to give it a try.  First we ordered the pork spring rolls and I must say they make a very good, fresh spring roll! The pork meat was warm and they give a house sauce that was different, but good- we just added some spice to it. My husband ordered the pho and it was flavorful and good. Now to the Bun Bo Hue, it was not impressive or flavorful. The meat was plentiful and good, but the broth was the opposite- bland & mediocre. The service was very friendly & cashier made me laugh!
Pastries are delicious! Service is suspicious! We tried to call and see if they had any taro bread loaves available in the morning and it was so hard to communicate with the woman! We told her we will just go there and see what they have. We arrived around 10 AM and there were not many selections as she was still bagging the baked goods.. We did get them fresh!  I love their coffee cake pastry that had flaky, buttery crust and their taro rolls taste good. We also got the small taro dessert that was $2.50 each or 3 for $7.50 and it was not worth it! You barely taste any taro and just feel like your eating a bland flaky crust. I will come here again for the other pastries and their cakes look decadent!
We were here from out of town because it is near the Banner Desert hospital and we were quite impressed with the #1 Mekong sandwich! We started out with two and ending up ordering 6 more to share with family and to eat for dinner later! They bake their bread fresh and with having the main meat and veggies, they add this other yellow sauce for flavor that just makes this sandwich the perfect quick bite! I commend them on their fresh baked bread because in Utah, I do not see that they do that! Best banh mi I've ever had, even compared to Lee's Sandwiches and to a little joint I like to go to in San Diego. Give this place a try, your taste buds will THANK YOU!
The staff is extremely friendly, but the wait time for our food was extremely too long.  All we ordered was their spring rolls, egg rolls and pho. There was only one other table with three people sitting there, but it seems like I waited 45-60 min for our food to arrive.  We are from out of town and wanted to eat lunch and go, but we ended up staying longer than anticipated. The spring rolls were good and crunchy, and had a difference taste because they put meat in it.  Their pho was bland.  I also ordered the cafe sua da that was too strong and I had to ask for more creamer.  It's ok to try if you have time to eat here.
We had a 2-3 hour layover on our way from Salt Lake to San Diego. This airport gets HOT inside! I had carry-on luggage so I changed into shorts! Cute gift shops
Found this place on Yelp as we were coming into town from a long drive and decided to get a little pampering done to help 6 of us relax. I called in the afternoon for same day appointment for 6 people at 6 pm and they were able to accommodate our group and all be in the same room. Yelp Elite or 50 reviews Yelpers receive additional 10% discount! It is a small parlor and the entrance/front desk is right on the other side of the curtain so it can get a little noisy when patrons come in to inquire. The staff does request for them to keep their voice down. I had a very friendly woman, Dmi, complete my massage and she was very firm and did a great job! My friends were all very happy with their massage and would love to go again when we are in town or possibly before we leave! The staff does come wait for you to tip them as you pay for your service and I think it is best if you have correct change. I tipped well because I feel they worked very hard to earn it!
My reason for visiting this store on my drive home from Cali was to get the sweet taro bread from their bakery. I was surprised to find out, there is no bakery! They have a section with some baked goods but not the wide selection I was looking for. We opted to purchase some lychee yogurt drink to mix with the soju we purchased and make flavored soju. They also had great deal on the lychee grass jelly drink 4 for $2. If I lived in Vegas, this would probably be my go-to Asian store.
We got into town pretty late and decided to come eat here for dinner.  We used the Yelp check-in for a tempura shrimp and egg roll was a nice treat before our entrees.  My husband ordered the Kung Pao Chicken which was flavorful and good. I got the seafood salad and it has a good portion that we shared, it taste was mediocre. I expected it to be more spicy, but it was not. There was a 2-man band that was entertaining because we kept catching him mis-pronounce words in the songs- he mostly sang Ed Sheeren and some other top 40's. My husband kept waiting for him to play 80's- which he did not. I did notice there was a child still up and playing when it's so late into the night, but I did come in on Saturday night.  This place wasn't so bad, but it didn't stand out or make an impression on me either.
Awesome place. Wing king inside with tons of flavors, wing by the pound(s). I usually get the waffle and wing special.  Great prices. Comedy nights,good times with good service.
I am a local Scottsdale resident and have been looking for a barber who knows how to cut hair! Boris did more than that. If you're looking for someone who has the skill, knowledge, and confidence to give you the best haircut you've had, go and see Boris for your next cut. I just spent 20 minutes with him and received possibly the best haircut I've ever had! I look good, feel good, and I know my girlfriend will be very impressed. Thank you Boris! Well done sir!
Good southern food with an even better purpose! We sat outside and besides the noisy city sounds, it was delightful. The staff was attentive and helpful. The food was unique and delicious. I can't wait to go back for their grits they offer at dinner.
The chicken is absolutely amazing, but as mentioned in many other comments, the kitchen can be ridiculously slow. Still worth it, but it can be frustrating to wait 25 minutes for a 30$ order when you called an hour before the pick up, especially when the cooks don't seem bothered one bit about it
This school rocks!!!! I can't say how much we love it! My son was so scared to leave my side, after the first day I felt completely at ease! The director really knows what's shes doing. Shes patient, warm, and loving with every child. Hats off to BMCA for your superb work with my son!
OMG!!!! This father and son team are the best!!! they really know their stuff. I highly recommend them. They are priced very reasonable and they go above and beyound to get the job done!! FIVE STARS FOR RENAISSANCE!!
Omg!!!! Heather is the BEST Aesthetician in the West Valley. My eye lash extensions are gorgeous!!! See for your self!!!! If your looking for someone to do lashes,permanent makeup, waxing etc.... Beauty Secrets by Heather is the place to.go!!!!
I'm not sure about the dance academy??? The pre-school part definitely needs changing. The teacher apparently has never taught 3-4 year olds and has no idea how to encourage a crying child missing his mommy. Who puts a 3 year old in time out for crying on the SECOND DAY OF SCHOOL?!!! seriously, I would never recommend this school to anyone. We immediately withdrew our son and the crying stopped after the third day...Kids can tell when teachers care.
Dr. Ostler is hands down the BEST dentist in the West Valley! I am one of those people that avoid  the dentist at all cost. I went in yesterday to have several cavities filled. It was very comfortable and painless. I highly recommend him, if you are seeking a dentist that knows what they are doing! I have more work to be done and I wouldn't go any where else in the valley! Ohhhh and his staff is pretty amazing too!!!!!
Dane, performed my sofa cleaning this morning. I can't express how pleased I am with this company. My schedule is always hectic and he worked around my day. Their customer service is SUPERB! Not to mention my sofas look brand new!  I will definitely use this company for all my cleaning needs! A+
Thunderbird pools is the best pool service in the Valley!!! They provide EXCELLENT  customer service!!!
Theresa is amazing.....her customer service.and professionalism is the best. My eyelashes have NEVER LOOKED BETTER! I highly recommend her services.
this place is one of the best!!! had a great waiter named brandon...excellent service and wonderful food!
I got my hair extensions at rejoice your beautiful. Renee O'brien is the ABSOLUTE BEST IN AZ!!!!
Absolutely the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I have ever received. My husband and I decided to try this restaurant because we wanted to try some home cooked breakfast. We walked in and was greeted by a lady whom I assumed was the owner.  First off, the place was undesirable to look at and we were the ONLY people in there. There wasn't any aroma of food being prepared. The lady looked at us as if she DID NOT WANT any customer! She basically, rolled her eyes and asked us, "in side or out side?" It was awful!We chose inside, and she continued to provide this horrible attitude and demeanor while taking our order. After about 10 minutes of this behaviors my husband couldn't take it anymore!  He told her that she was very nasty and got up saying we refuse to eat here! We left and will Never come back! This is NOT THE PLACE TO EAT if YOU DESIRE GOOD COSTUMER SERVICE! We didn't even get to order any food because we couldn't tolerate her rude behavior!  I would give it ZERO stars but I had to give it one to write my review!
Finally a Vietnamese restaurant in Edinburgh! When I lived in the U.S. I was a regular eater of Vietnamese food. At least in the West Coast you will find a Vietnamese restaurant around every corner; and the quality is usually good and the food is very authentic.Pho Vietnam House in Edinburgh is not bad. I'm not surprised that it is very well-received by the public because it does deliver something different from the Chinese/Japanese/Thai dining scene (especially for people who have not eaten any Vietnamese food before). The lunch menu is good value for money. The food is pretty good, too. But they are a bit too sweet for my liking. The portion for the stew beef with rice is generous, but the pho is smaller than expected. You may feel hungry later if you only order the Pho.I wish the Pho Vietnam House would include tripe and meatballs in their Pho as it is what the traditional Pho is like. I know some Westerners don't eat tripe but it should at least be an option for people who really want a taste of authentic Vietnamese Pho. They also need to increase the portion for the Pho.Overall it's a good restaurant. I give it a 4-star. My only complaint is that the food tastes a bit too sweet.
I've only had good things to say about the Bonde. Where else can you have a beautiful three-course lunch for under 11 (and two courses for under 9)? I have to say the quality of their food is very good although I was a bit disappointed of their spinach risotto last time when I was there. Having said that, the Blonde is still very good value for money. The food is beautifully done. Highly recommend!
I found the customer service poor when I visited there last month.
The Mosque Kitchen makes very delicious food and is very good value! I don't normally go for vegetarian dishes when I eat out but I like their vegetarian selection so much that I'd order no meat (don't get me wrong, their meats are great). My only complaint is that they keep using plastic plates and bowls even after moving indoor! It's not very environment-friendly and I hope that they'd change to biodegradable paper plate/bowls if they want to stick with disposable cutlery.UPDATED: I would have given the Mosque Kitchen four stars if the doner kabab sold in the take-away section wasn't that aweful. Like I said, the restaurant is really good. But I'm SO disappointed of their take-away service. First, the customer service was very poor. The man who served was quite impolite to say the least. Second, the quality of the doner kabab sold in the take-away section was extremely poor comparing to the restaurant food. The meat was cold and the salad was not fresh. Forget about the take-away and go straight to the restaurant. I am a loyal customer of the Mosque but to be honest I am very disappointed of their take-away food.
Beautiful store with fantastic collection; but the prices are ridiculous. We're talking about 30+ for a very basic t-shirt.
Allison seems to be the best hairdresser there but not good enough for a return. I would warn anyone who's considering of going back for a complimentary fringe cut. Understandably, they assigned the apprentice/receptionist/junior hairdresser to do this job. The girl who cut my fringe really ruined my haircut but I couldn't complain because it was FREE. I just think, if they're going to give their return customers a complimentary cut they should take it seriously. They can't just ask someone who can't cut to cut for their return customers. For this reason I won't return to Ishi.
Love love love this place for threading!  It's so hard to find someone truly gentle but thorough and Champa is the real deal.  I will be returning to her again and again. Thanks, ladies!
I reserved an AWD vehicle and I was given a Jeep Cherokee Latitude (which I later found out was a FWD rather than an AWD) which led to multiple complications. I asked Aleyda (the employee who helped me check out a vehicle) if the vehicle was an AWD because we were planning on driving it to Brianhead, UT and they specifically said we would need a 4WD/AWD vehicle. She guaranteed it was stating that "all Jeep vehicles are AWD" but we found out the hard way that not all Jeep vehicles (like this one) are not AWD vehicles. When I tried returning the car and told Erin Palmer, the branch manager, about my situation. But first, Erin tried to argue that this vehicle was an AWD and I showed her the specs of the vehicle showing that it is not an AWD but rather a FWD. Erin kept insisting that it was an AWD vehicle. I asked her if she could show me how to turn on the AWD system but she said that it was "automatic". Even a customer that was in the store at the same time agreed that it was a FWD because she rented it out before. So i asked Erin, if we can agree that the vehicle is a FWD and she said "I wont agree or disagree." I tried showing her the specs and mentioning the customer multiple times again and she finally sarcastically said "Fine, I agree," so I said, "You do not have to be sarcastically rude". I told her of our complications because of the lack of an AWD vehicle. We got stuck in the snow at the mountain, had to get towed and pushed out the snow back to the freeway, had to stay overnight and was charged for an extra night which also led to not being able to make it to work. While informing her about these situations, she rudely interrupted me saying, "We can not waive any of those fees. This would not have happened if you accepted our road side assistance". I got upset because I wasn't asking for anything, just to be heard of my situation. Also, we would have never gotten stuck in the snow if we were given the correct vehicle. We had 3 other AWD vehicles accompanying us (1 of which was also an Enterprise vehicle, Chevy Traverse) and they had no complications whatsoever. So I asked for the keys back to return it to another Enterprise because I felt that she did not want to listen, did not want to be helpful in anyway and rather just get me out the door so she can get on with her day. I would have understood if she just apologized for giving me the wrong vehicle because even I did not know it was a FWD vehicle but she wanted to stand her ground stating that "all Jeep vehicles are AWD" and did not want to face that facts but rather provide false information and stick to it. Even when returning the keys to me after pulling the vehicle to the front of the store, she rudely walked away saying "I have to help out other customers" when she wasn't even done helping me. I am completely dissatisfied with the service I was given by Erin Palmer. This experience has left me with a dissatisfaction of Enterprise and I am not looking forward to business with the company along with an almost $400 extra charges due to staying over night and towing services. I called another Enterprise to return the car, but they suggested to just close the contract and return the vehicle because they would not be able to do much to help and to call corporate to file a complaint.Note: I am not one to complain about bad customer service and I didn't have a Yelp before this event but I felt that this experience was so completely horrible that I had to share my story. That goes to show how terrible Erin Palmer and this branch of Enterprise's customer service is.
No complaint the food was excellent, the waitress Zach R. Great person and his service the Best.
Stumbled across this place by chance looking for a customer. Excellent find. Fresh ingredients made to order. Tasty potato salad. Hit the spot.
This is my 2nd time at Nat's Nail and LoungeI received the deluxe mani and pedicure.I can tell you from personal experience that the staff is spot on. I love the conversation and comfort that comes with  the experience at Nat's. You can best believe that I'll be back a 3rd 4th and 50th time.
After years of doing my own hair... I reached out to this highly skilled stylist who really listened and gave me what I asked for. She works with my ever evolving needs with lots of ideas.  I just love this salon and love the stylists! Call today to get your dream hair!
Super helpful and affordable. Picked our group up at our hotel. They gave us lessons and showed us tricks. Really amazing experience and it's really not that difficult. There are moments but you pace your self and learn to adapt.  We were a group of 12 and able to accommodate. They provide mask, helmet, gloves, and goggles. We took breaks to rest up and make sure to wear clothes that you don't mind getting dirty cause you will be covered in dust within those 2hrs. They make sure every one is enjoying and provide water, snacks and beer. Definitely recommended to try!!
Went in to try to be associated with the a local bank, where "everyone knows your name" and treats you accordingly. Was a little disappointed my wife and I went in to the bank and they looked at us as if because we are young, in our 20's, that they didnt want to help us. They said we are a commercial bank and we dont help with retail accounts unless you have money. It could have been stated better is all I am saying.
It's sad that women love the doctor so much here that the staff and there billing practices can be so bad. Doctor Huish, apparently  is really good.  The billing which is currently third party is terrible. The office tells you just call us we will take care of you.  If you are going to do your own billing a couple thoughts for you. 1- set up a voice-mail for billing (don't just tell us your closed and don't have time for you) 2 - have some people work later into the evening say 6 or 7 to take care of people who want to pay but work the same schedule as you. 3 - if you don't like customer, patients, or whatever than consider online bill pay it's novel and requires no extra hours no overtime etc. Very disappointed I suppose if doctor Huish had to spend a half hour to an hour talking to a frustrated patient or client instead of making 300 dollars for a fifteen minute stop in he might make the changes. Wish me luck going in with the wife tomorrow prepped for talking to people who won't care.
I have had nothing but negative experiences with this company. They completely missed an appointment, showed up late for a second, and then tried to charge me for an appointment for which they came at a time that was not agreed upon. The workers seemed very nice, but the owners do not seem to understand how to run a business. I would not recommend them to anyone unless you wanted to deal with a bunch of nonsense and be treated disrespectfully.Update:Here is the response I received when I emailed them about the problem. "We do not do business with people like you. Everything you have said is a lie. Just know that you ripped off a small business. "Not great business practice to call someone a liar. In an email. There was a miscommunication. I told them I wasn't paying a fee for a timing error.
I purchased a half off coupon from groupon and thought I'd give this spa a try. I have been under a great deal of stress recently and I found this to be just what I needed. My masseuse was professional and geared the massage to my needs. I was so relaxed by the end and feel great!  I would highly recommend the female masseuse (pam?).  The only downside was that I could hear a lawnmower outside Most of the time, but I dont fault the spa for this. They did have relaxing music playing the whole time.
Great food. I was really surprised at the quality of food and service offered here, as the entranceway is a bit daunting. The restaurant is on the second floor and is very nice.
Yum yum yum. So glad to see a vegetarian friendly restaurant in this area. Try the seitan wings!  Staff are friendly and attentive and wait times low.
Very helpful and attentive staff. Answered all of my questions and tried to help me find the bike that was just right for me.
I've recently become the Vaping Queen. There is not a vape store that goes unpassed in my travels. I hope that my experiences help you make the best choices for all of your Vaping needs.There are so many selections in juices!  They have computer screens to help you decide which juice is right for you!  You can try countless juices!  This store is great. They have everything possible and it is easily accessible. The only downside is that you cannot independently try the juices; you have to work with one of the sales people. The clerk who helped me was a young kid. He was knowledgeable, but clearly disinterested. That is a strange experience for me to have in a vape store, as people are generally enthusiastic. But he was helpful and knew his stuff. Definitely a place to go for a wide variety of choices.
I've recently become the Vaping Queen. There is not a vape store that goes unpassed in my travels. I hope that my experiences help you make the best choices for all of your Vaping needs.Fabulous selection of juices and equipment!  Helpful, friendly, and enthusiastic staff. Robin helped me fix a problem I was having with my device, and made suggestions for how to improve my Vaping experiences. The atmosphere is very laid back and relaxed. I felt right at home- like I could stay there for hours (which I did). They also offer a rewards program so you can earn free juices and equipment when you buy stuff.  This store has three locations and the rewards program applies to all of them. Definitely worth a visit or two!Favorite flavors here: jazzy boba. D'oh nuts. Wapari drops.
Typical diner food. Cute setup. The atmosphere is nice. Fast. If you're looking for a quick, hearty meal, stop here. However, it's not fancy.
Must try whether vegan or not. Good was excellent and I generally just felt healthy being there. I would recommend the health nut salad. Yum!
I've recently become the Vaping Queen. There is not a vape store that goes unpassed in my travels. I hope that my experiences help you make the best choices for all of your Vaping needs. I visited Palm Beach Vapors only one time. The staff were friendly enough, but I didn't feel welcomed. I asked to sample some juices. I was offered only the house juices to try. When I inquired about the premium juices, the clerk indicated that those were for more experienced vapors. I didn't tell her that I was one of them. I did end up purchasing a house juice, which I used once and could not use again. It leaves a terrible after taste. I'm not sure if it was a bad mix or just the flavor, but it definitely turned me off from house juices in general. Overall, this is an ok store. They have stuff if you need stuff.
Come here if you want to wait 20 minutes to place an order with a worker that just doesn't care. Perhaps he's too cool to work? I'm not sure.
It's a little shop tucked away in the side but when I walked in the inside was very nicely decorated and the staff was exceptionally nice.
I did not read the reviews of this event before I went! Thankfully!!! I have no idea why they are so bad! It came to my town about 2 weeks ago in Algonquin, IL. My daughter who is 5 years old, my nephew who is 11, and I went with a group of people. This was fun for all ages! Lines looked a little long which I completely expected. Everyone in town was talking about this event! To our surprise the lined moved quickly. The staff was so much fun. They were wonderful with my daughter especially with her being on the smaller size and taking a little more time then most. We purchased the unlimited weekend pass. We were able to go down at least 20-25 times between both days. We took a ton of breaks to eat, drink some water, and get out of the sun for a bit. Every time we went down it was as fun as the first time. I would recommend this to anyone and everyone. FUN FOR ALL AGES!!!! I really hope it comes back to my town again next year!
Food was ok but when I found out all the soy they use made me mad because soy increase estrogen in men and the owners don't know anything about Nutrition just told us to get on the meal plan. Don't waste your time you can get better cool other places.
Very casual ambiance. Selective choices much like a buffet form of your own build it yourself poke bowl. The quality of the bowls were fresh and the staff was very helpful if this is your first time. The portions don't live up to the price however. So be cautious and make sure you order the exact value to your bowl. The location is convenient but of most of the selection, poke was more of the delicious choice if you're into fresh fish.
I went here yesterday for a Brazilian wax,  and it was an average experience at first, until the technician applied wax that was too hot without testing the temperature first. It is normal to be uncomfortable immediately after a waxing, so I ignored the redness and pain for a few hours, until I realized I was swollen and burned down below. Today I called the salon to tell them I was burned, I wasn't yelling or screaming on the phone I just calmly told them what happened. I was told that this was all my fault because my hair was too short and she did nothing wrong. I found this a strange response so I decided to just go in person to show them. When I went in,  I saw the technician who did the waxing. I asked for a manager and she declared that she was the manager.  She then took me in a room and talked over me, telling me that I was rude on the phone and that the manager was going to be mad at her... So I asked again who was the manager and she again said it was her. So they are doing everything possible to keep me from speaking to a real manager about this issue which I find extremely sketchy and unprofessional, I will never go there again but I certainly hope whoever runs this place checks on their yelp reviews!
I love this place, I've been quite a few times and the staff are always lovely. The rainbow trout, wings, and Mac and cheese are fantastic. The fried chicken wasn't the best, but nothing wrong with it. Aside  from that, great decor, newly renovated restrooms, and a bowl of water on the patio for dogs. Great spot.
Gorgeous atmosphere, delicious food, wonderful service. My friend and I both had New York steak with veggies and lobster tail and it was scrumptious! The cocktails could use a bit of work but they weren't bad, just a bit basic. The vegetables were easily the best that I have had from a chain restaurant, great variety and well cooked. We also shared a fudge brownie for dessert, and I was planning on only having a bite since I was already stuffed, but it was fantastic so I kept on eating! Highly recommend this restaurant for a date or special occasion.
The rhino is my favourite local spot for drinks with friends. Beers are cheap, and the have the biggest selection I've seen, second only to the Bier Markt. They have a giant patio, two pool tables, and plenty of seating. Casual and simple, but friendly and warm. The food is good, and reasonably priced and the servers are lovely. I've been here at least 10 times and the only thing that used to bother me was the gross bathrooms, which I can happily say have been renovated since them and are now great for taking selfies in  (or whatever you do in bathrooms) Love you Rhino! P. S.  try the beet salad yummmm
I've never seen such clueless people own and operate a restaurant. Waitstaff are treated like slaves, and the owners have a bed in the back office where they lay and watch the surveillance cameras. Super creepy and gross.The chicken wings are good though.
Ordered delivery and not only did they forget the fortune cookies (which i see others have posted the same thing) But the delivery guy ripped us off! He claimed he didn't have change, so he took the money I gave him and just walked away. I'm not pleased.
I only come and see Jennifer here. It's great environment and I always get a good haircut. I would recommend this place to anyone!!!
DO NOT USE MISSION CARPET & FURNITURE CLEANING!!!!!!! This is the worst carpet cleaning service in the valley.  I purchased an advertised Groupon for $30 for UP TO THREE rooms to be cleaned -- supposedly worth $60 of cleaning services.  I was thinking it would be a steal for their business since I only have ONE bedroom and a walk-in closet.  Put simply, they would only have to do a third of the work for the amount paid.Initially, I called the company to schedule an appointment.  It began like procedural quagmire -- where do you live, how many bedrooms, upstairs or downstairs, is there a place to connect water for my tank, and more.  Then, the guy indicated that my cost would not be $30 or $60; rather, my total was $100 and that was before tips, if any.  I was appalled.  Foremost, the mere fact that I am only utilizing one-third of the advertised rooms to be cleaned is a steal for the small business.  They already made their money through Groupon, so they essentially they only had to show up to get the job done.  Instead, the guy told me to go elsewhere for my business -- knowing I had already purchased the Groupon. Then, he would not apply the advertised $60 worth of Groupon services that I already paid $30 for.  He wanted me to pay an additional $70 on top of the $30 already paid to simply clean one bedroom and a one walk-in closet.They should be put out of business for their crappy workmanship and ethics.
Whoever comes in here with a bad experience is either cheaper than I, or unfamiliar with the process of automotive shops.  Foremost, this location is absolutely phenomenal when it comes to service, coupled with information.  Jeremy won't press a sale on you, but he'll ALWAYS let you know what's going on with your car and when something needs to be done.With that, I've been using this shop since 2012.  In nearly a half decade, I've never had any complaints.  They've serviced every oil change on my car since I purchased it.  My wife is now a fan because the stellar performance they did on her new set of four tires.  In all, you can't go to a restaurant and not be asked whether you want dessert.  Don't go to a mechanic and not expect them to offer upgrades or more to your service, but at the same time don't vilify them for being precautious as it pertains to your safety!Last, I recommend everyone give them a shot and treat your own experience as that, an experience.
We had an area in our back yard with 11 year old synthetic grass. When our kids started tracking this grass in the house, I knew it was time to replace it. I received 3 estimates and SynLawn came in at the best price, for the quality turf we wanted. Once installation day arrived, it took 2 guys about 8 hours to remove our old turf, level out the area with new crushed granite, and install the new turf. They did a great job. I highly recommend SynLawn!
This past weekend, my partner had a party here for her job promotion. We reserved the Tumbleweed for the party, but since it was so hot outside, they let us take it inside until 9pm. Our server was Ann Marie and she was AWESOME!!! If you're planning on having a party here, place a request in for Ann Marie. She was very attentive with all our guests, very professional and super sweet!
What an awesome place! I was taken here for my birthday dinner and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was great, the food was to die for, the fancy drinks were yummy and the 80's music was rad. Their selection of fresh seafood was plentiful and high quality. I cannot wait to go back again.
I've been using Centennial GMC's service department since I owned a Chevy Tahoe. It was a no-brainer to continue taking my car there when I bought a Yukon. They are quick and courteous. Cheryl is our go-to gal and she is the bomb! She really knows how to make us feel like we're valuable customers.
I've been to the Foot Spa once, so far, via a Living Social coupon. I didn't know what to expect, but I must say that I was pleasantly surprised by my experience. Except for rude women clients chattering in there, it was very relaxing and will definitely be going back.
Randy and All Star Cleaners are awesome!  Just used them for the first time based on a recommendation while I was searching for someone to clean our curtains. They did a great job... and they were quick and economical. Our curtains are clean again and they look great.
Love this place! I've been going to Grape Street for over 10 years now. The food is always yummy. The wine is always excellent. The service is always 1st class. I've always had a very positive dining experience at Grape Street.  Now, for items you must try: Baked Brie, Fried Calamari, Roasted Garlic Bulbs, Tapas Plate, House Salad (light onions), and finally... Bowtie Olivia. After a few of those items, I'm too stuffed for dessert.
We needed a piano moved... and fast. I call Joe on the 4th of July, surprised that my call was answered, and was able to schedule the move for the very next morning. Being that it was such short notice, I was pleasantly surprised that I was able to get this scheduled.We met Joe at the home where we purchased the piano. Joe really has piano moving down to a science. He had it out of the house and loaded into his trailer within 10 minutes. At our home, he had it unloaded and in our home in about 5 minutes.Joe was very professional and friendly... and efficient. All at a price that I was very happy paying. I highly recommend Advanced Piano Moving. He really knows what he's doing.
It's been about one week since my past life regression with Heather and David. I felt I needed time to absorb my session with them.Upon arrival, I was nervous, not knowing what to expect and overly concerned about what kind of experience I was going have. Heather & David made feel very comfortable and at peace with letting go of any expectations. As it turned out, I had more of a present-life experience with David taking me back to a couple moments from my childhood that apparently still needed my attention. (I thought I had already worked through all my childhood "issues".) I did end up having a brief past-life experience. Upon finishing my session, they told me that if there are still present-life experiences that need to be addressed, those will come forth to be resolved.There are a few changes I'd like to make in my life and look forward to the next time I can work with Heather and David.
This company was selected for us by our homeowners warranty when our water heater broke. Needless to say, if we wanted to have any part of this service covered by our warranty, we had to use them.First of all, this company will not provide you with an itemized invoice. Apparently, they do not want you to see what everything costs. This is something we requested because we were charged $900 in code upgrades that our warranty company said they would not cover. We happened to find out that $150 of this was just for the required permit, which is almost a 49% markup of the actual cost of a permit. This is something that I could have very easily applied for myself online, but the company would not let me. They told me THEY had to get the permit. So, based on that markup alone, I can only image how much else we were over-charged for.Also, the technicians were nice guys, but they thrashed the area where our water heater resides. They bent the recirculation water pipe, which they fixed, but had to punch out a large hole in our dry wall. There is also a bunch of missing plaster and paint on the built-in pedestal that the water heater resides on. They did send out a guy, the next day, to come fix the hole in the dry wall, but he did not fix anything else.Overall, it was a very disappointing experience... so far. We're still waiting for them to schedule the inspection for the city permit. It remains to be seen if they completed all the work to code.
MTO Cafe just opened at 1:00pm on Oct. 22nd so the timing of the 1st three reviews are a little suspicious. The cafe is on the smaller side, but well designed and welcoming. I ordered the Skuna Bay Salmon wrap, which was not what I expected. The wrap had eggs in it, which were not listed in the description, and I do not like salmon and eggs cooked together. I was expecting something more like a wrap version of lox and bagels. Aside from that fact, I think other people would like this combination. For a $12 wrap, I would have expected it to include chips or fries, but it didn't so I also ordered a side of fries... which where unseasoned and "floppy". Overall, it's nice to have another dining option downtown, but I think MTO Cafe is a little on the pricey side for breakfast and lunch offerings. It will be interesting to see how they do over time.
A definite MUST when in the NorthWest part of town. Just dined there tonight for our first time and we will definitely be back. The sushi was outstanding and the staff was so friendly. For me, the true test is the quality of the Salmon Roe and the preparation of the Salmon Skin Hand Roll. Both were A+
This is the place for our weekly "family sushi night". The fish is always fresh, the specials rolls are yummy and the service is awesome. We do like to try other sushi restaurants, but this is our "sushi home".Our favs: Cucumber Island, Salmon Roe Sushi, Philadelphia Roll, Final Fantasy's, Taste Like My X-Girlfriend
A romantically, relaxing dining experience topped off with some delicious food and yummy drinks. I love the outdoor dining option, next to a fountain that contributes to a tranquil feeling. Must try selections: Bacon Wrapped Dates, Spicy Ahi Tuna, Goat Cheese and Fig Crostinis.
One word... YUMMY! Awesomely unique rolls and super fresh sushi. The price? Comparable to other sushi restaurants. Highly recommend the S&H Special!One tip: if ordering hot sake, ask them to heat it up more a bit. It's usually served more on the tepid side.
The staff was very friendly, courteous and helpful. They did an excellent job fixing the damage I created, however, during the process, created some minor new damage to my car. They took full responsibility and fixed that damage as well.  It seemed like it took a bit long to repair my car, but that may be because they are closed on the weekends.
Que du positif si ce n'est de la file d'attente! On met ca sur le dos de leur popularit!Un personnel agrable, un bon service!Deux types de serveurs: celui pour les jeux (animateur) et celui pour les consommations. Un cover de 5$ et ensuite, on joue  un trs grand choix de jeux  volont tant que l'on consomme. L'animateur connait trs bien ses jeux et si non, vous amne un autre animateur spcialis dans le type de jeu choisi! Ambiance trs dcontract, il faut s'attendre  du bruit par contre. Bon choix de drinks originaux, comme les potions magiques, et de bires. Il y a aussi une carte de shooters signatures vraiment originaux! Bref du plaisir garantis chez Randolph!
Quelle belle ambiance! Les tapas sont excellents et le choix de rhums est vraiment bien! J'y suis all pour ma fte et retourn une autre fois, toujours un bon service, assez rapide en plus!Le moins, j'ai command un drink avec des limes et ma copine aussi, nous avions toutes les deux des limes clairement pas fraiches avec des petites taches brunes sur la pelure. Quand ton drink est compos presque entirement de limes, assures-toi d'un minimum de qualit, non?Sinon, un endroit  dcouvrir et  revisiter  volont!
Very good for a regular Chinese restaurant. I would like to make the. Moment on service though. The personnel seems to be very busy with a lot of other things forgetting the guests at times. It also looks like the budget for interior ran out halfway. The ceiling fixtures look great so do the walls but the seating and lower areas were very low budget :)
This place has one thing going for them. Everybody is very nice. But the food needs some revamping. Greasy air, dirty interior, but cheap cheap food, average 5$ for a plate
Very nice Hotel, great service and room accommodations. It is also perfectly located next to the large arenas and sports fields. Tons of places to eat and drink.
We got told this place was worth going. I admit it was a great visit. The place has tons of micro brewery beers I had the Heffenweizen style an Wit Belgian style. Also ordered the street Tacos with spicy chicken. I was amazed how good these were and very much so Mexican original. Not the texmex stuff that so many claim is Mexican. I will certainly recommend this place to my friends.
If you need to stay in Vegas for reasons that don't involve the strip or gambling this hotel is a great place. I have stayed here on several occasions and the quality level is always maintained. Friendly reception desk and very clean rooms. Even the breakfast buffet is always well supplied and all fresh.
A little different from the Pho style, this is Japanese, very good, many topping choices. Only the service and friendliness can use some work. I felt like there was no time allowed to relax and enjoy,..it was eat and Go....
Having eaten Pho in various places I can say by now this was certainly the best I had in many years. Pho Ga, so good and big portions. I little more expensive as your average price. Open 24 hours. I will be back.
When in Vegas a Pho is mandatory and this place is a must visit. Great Pho and cheap too. You would never from the outside think that great food is served here. Must try.
It was my first visit here. To my surprise a great place to hang with the old western gunslingers. Nevertheless they told me the girl who was with me was way better looking than the one I brought last week ;) Twice!Zip line , souvenir shops, jail, cowboy shows a complete western town, BBQ and steakhouse and much more, I thought I was in a John Wayne movie. Real cool experience. Thank you Karen :)
This certainly is one of the talks of town. It's always busy. I had great sushi rolls. Service was really nice. I certainly will be back for more. Definitely worth a try if you are looking for a great atmosphere, service and of course good sushi.
I ordered for delivery. Blazing fast. I was told about 45 minutes and they were at my door in 20. The food was good. Nothing special, like any other Chinese take Out place. I find it very hard to review these types of take-out places as I feel they all cook from the same ingredinten list. Anyways, if you are looking for descent quick Chinese take out with a bubbly delivery guy, this is the place to be :)
Definitely a to go to place if you like Thai and even more if you like spicy. They know their hot peppers ;) The food is just plainly amazing. I had the Tom yum Gai and Panang curry, the soup was perfect, not greasy and very flavorful. The Panang was delicious. But my favorite in the curries is the 3 curries WATCH OUT! This place can be very addictive. I'm used to spicy and had asked for a 5 thai spicy it's hot but edible. But it had a good zing for minutes... It's worth visiting. I'll be back for sure.
Hola, yep this is the place to be if you are looking for authentic Mexican dishes. Lots of seafood choices but also a large variety of chicken and beef. I had the molcajete for 3 with Diablo salsa. Simply AMAZING, very easy the salsa, hot hot spicy as I love it. The margaritas were a bit on the watery side. Service is good and a great interior decor. Dolt like I was back in Mexico. Highly recommended.
Really cool kind of hole in the wall bar. With waitresses you kind of find in the old 80's Vegas movies. I loved the atmosphere and the drinks are amazing and well made. It's just very he'd to read the menus. Kinda dark. Did you notice the hologram on top of the bar?
This is really a true gem in Las Vegas. If you want to feel like you are in Japan without leaving the US, this is the place to be. Great tasty food, very fast and very friendly service and all 100% Japanese style. I LOVE IT. I tried the sushi, skewers and fried rice but you can indulge into very typical Japanese dishes. I challenge you to decipher the original menu :)  even the interior as simple as it is still reflects an original atmosphere. I will certainly recommend this place. And. I will be back for sure.
Great 911 roll if you like spicy. The oh my god roll is very tasty too. THe interior is very Japanese like, low floor tables and bamboo, nice atmosphere, friendly service
Great pho, very fresh and huge portions. Certainly worth trying. The interior is a little cafeteria like, but the food makes up for it. Service could be friendlier
I am a Ph fan, like the taste and freshness of the dish. As always I ordered a Ph Ga, the place looks nice. Time was taken to decorate and create a good atmosphere. Based on my other Ph experienced across the country this one certainly scored a 3 stars. Everything is as it should be. Although it is the first time I needed to add some salt to the broth. But that cN be a personal preference. As you can see I'm only giving it 1 star (first one ever), might be confusing based on my review above. Well, let me explain why this place lost 2 stars in the world of yelp. As I finished my Ph I noticed a beetle crawling on the plate beneath my bowl. Looked like a voluptuous pantry pest. I'm not an expert but that's the best way to describe it. I pointed it out to the waiter with the comment:" you might want to point this out to your boss in the kitchen, it's not the most appetizing scenario" he giggled and walk away. My intention was to point out to the owner the possibility of a bug infestation. Wasn't looking for a reimbursement, more of a acknowledgement from the owner. To my surprise neither the owner or the waiter made ANY type of comment. The waiter made my bill total known from behind the counter and wished me a good day. So be aware of a possible bug infestation at this place. Might want to keep an eye out for floating black grains in your Ph. These pantry pest normally feed on dry food like pasta, rice, ...
Nice and clean place for sandwiches and breakfast delights. The sandwiches are great and fresh. My favorite is the hot chocolate made with real milk they even offer choices of milk to make it
I am a big fan of Ph Ga (chicken) and will always try to find the best spot wherever my travels take me. Today I discovered Saigon and in my humble opinion based on my overall Ph adventures this restaurant rates as one, maybe even The Best Ph around the US. The broth is clear, not greasy and very flavorful. Thin noodles and lots of chicken. A real must. My second visit "the same day" I had summer rolls and lemongrass and chili stir fry with chicken both again very well done and very tasteful. My next visit to Cleveland  I will come back for more.
Got to tell you, the Philly cheesesteak gets a four stars from. This one is better than some of the ones I've had in Philly. I'm not kidding! Many local beers and imports, tons of TVs and of course the infamous vibrating Peanuts ;)
I must admit this must be one of the best sushi places I have visited in the US. The service, the food, the atmosphere, everything is TOP! I had the Lollipop which was amazing, never seen this on a menu before. Also the Phoenix roll was heavenly, my last roll was a spicy salmon roll to keep my feet on the floor :) We had a bottle of Sake suggested by the manager and it was very smooth. He let us know that this Sake was offered in only few restaurants as it was a new Import, but I forgot the same oops!. I have bookmarked this place certainly coming back
Very close to real Mexican food, and very cheap, very popular, we went there a few times in a row, there is always space available but always busy. Great choice when you are on a budget. They have some medium spicy salsas to dress it all up with :)
Not sure what the hype is about. But than again I'm not much of a casino guy. If you don't gamble don't bother. The hassle and crowd control downstairs at the lobby is just too much. Feels like cattle in the meadow. The rooms are nice but feel very cheezy. Overall clean and not too noisy from guest rooms around you.
Not sure what to say. It's a very expensive sandwich that has nothing special to offer. Nor the bread or the spread is anything original or different from a Subway or other chain. IT's perfect if you are hungry and in the area, but I wouldn't go out of way
This place wasn't as great as hoped for. The food is OKAY, it did sit a while under the heating lamp as my avocado turned dark and dry... Not smart!, so, freshness got a new meaning here :)It is a bummer that the outside area is right under the take-off path for the Airport and next to a railroad and a railroad crossing (noisy). It was unpleasant to see that nobody came to clean the table and chairs from the thick layer of dessert dust outside. Overall still worth the visit just some details to take in consideration.
I have only been here for the pub and have not tried the food.  But the atmosphere is great.  The bar staff is always nice and attentive.  There are okay options for beer.  I will certainly be back.
I stop here to get coffee when waiting for a table for brunch.  Barristas have always been nice... Coffee is good... And they have comic books out to read while you wait.  Love it.
Ate here before the Pirates game Friday night with friends.  Server was very nice.  Something got messed up with our order and it took an hour to get our food.  We were sad to miss an inning of the game, but Tonic stepped up and did everything right in the face of their error.  Ours meals were comped and the manager was involved - all without us asking.  Once the food got there, it was fantastic!  I would go again, but probably not on a day that we have plans to be somewhere after.  It is understandable that sometimes errors happen.  I was happy that Tonic stepped up and did what they needed to do to make it right by us.  Unfortunately the Bucs lost, but they ultimately took the series 2-1 :)
Food was okay. I was not blown away.  My husband really liked his burrito though.   The girl serving at the counter was very nice.  I would try it again.
Poor customer service.  I wanted my two daughters to get some fun cuts and color for their upcoming trip to Hawaii with their grandparents.  Went to Pageboy on Thursday because it is local and my 7 year old had her hair done there previously.  The stylists talked my daughters into colored extensions rather than dye (because my 10 year old did not want to bleach her hair, but for the 7 year old they told her "the extensions would last longer" than the color).  They both got decent cuts, feathers, and colored extensions.  I was okay with the big price tag on the items - $215.00 after tip, because the kids were happy.  Well, three of the six color extensions (those ones that were supposed to last longer) fell out TWO DAYS later (last night).  These extensions are similar to the feathers, which my kids have both had and have never had issues with them falling out prematurely.  Well, today I went in to see if the extensions could be put back in.  These take merely a few minutes to thread into the hair.  I was told that I would have to make an appointment for tomorrow.  I explained that the kids leaving for Hawaii in the morning and that it would only take a few minutes and that we needed it done today.  The guy at the front counter stared at me with a blank deer in the headlights look.  Clearly unwilling to do anything to accommodate us despite that we had just dropped over $200 at the salon two days prior (which I pointed out to him).  I am accustomed to Lawrenceville businesses being willing to go out of their way to help customers. nI am accustomed to meeting friendly faces with a focus on customer service.  There was NO flexibility and NO customer service today.  I explained to my kids that despite them really liking their haircuts that we would not be returning to Pageboy for future cuts.  We were happy when we left there on Thursday, but the actions today left me gravely disappointed in this local business.
I have had numerous great experiences at this coffee shop.  The owner is always on hand and is very nice.  She makes special drinks for my kids at an affordable price.  The kids love it.  The coffee is good and the pastries are fantastic.  I highly recommend stopping by for a friendly face and good java.
Generous portions of yummy Turkish food for a great price.  It is cash only, so I must admit that I don't get here as often as I would like because I don't carry cash often.  There is a gentleman there who seems to be the owner or manager with long black hair who is very nice.  I will often just let him make me a mix of whatever he thinks is good that day and I have never been disappointed.  The salad that comes with every meal has fanstastic dressing as well.
Stopped here for a few drinks with the girls after dinner.  The bartender was super nice and attentive.  The atmosphere was great.  It was tough to find parking on a Saturday night - although they do have valet for $10.  However, I was happy to see that downtown Pgh was busy, so I didn't mind.
This spa is fantastic. It is reasonably priced and the staff and the owners are very nice. I highly recommend giving this place a try and seeing for yourself what a great experience it is.
Went to Pavement last week looking for a dress for a wedding.  The owner was very helpful. After trying on about every dress in the store (because there were so many awesome options) I decided on one.  The dress was about $50 and looked fantastic!  I was impressed with the high level of customer service and the fantastic selection.  I will certainly return.
Sexist Manager.  I am a professional woman who attended lunch here a few weeks ago with two male coworkers.  The food was fine (not a big fan of canned mushrooms though) and the server was great.  However, mid-meal the manager came around to greet the tables.  Upon approaching our table he asks "how is everything GENTLEMEN?"  Although I was offended, I figured this may have been a mistake.  However, when the same manager came by 10 min later and looked the the full glass in front of me with an empty glass next to it - he looked to my coworker and asked "Sir, is that your drink and you need another or is that hers and she is done with it?"  I did not realize that in 2014 a manager for customer service would find it necessary to not address a woman directly.  Offended doesn't even begin to explain my outrage.  Unfortunately, I said nothing at the time - although I should have.  But I will never return to be treated so poorly or to patronize an establishment managed by such a blatantly sexist male.
The greeter was very nice.   The food was merely okay.  My friend and I got one bill and then asked that they just take 50% on my charge and 50% from her $20.  The server replied that "they do not split checks, but she would do it this onetime" -- I did not appreciate this "favor" as it was splitting payment and not splitting the check.  Totally ridiculous.  The server was very knowledgeable about the food, I must say.  However, she insisted on explaining exactly what we would get in the meal we had just ordered when it was clear that my friend and I were trying to talk and catch up.  I am sure that many people would like this aspect, but it didn't work for me.  I am still on the fence as to whether I will give it another shot.
The area is close to airport and down the street from Arizona State University and an eating and shopping district.  The staff was super friendly and accommodating, they let me check out late.  A lot of the guest staying that weekend were for the Rock n' Roll Phoenix race.  Breakfast on Sunday usually starts at 6:30 am, but they had it ready at 6 am for racing guest who need to leave out early. I was left with the feeling that I stayed at a friend's home and not a hotel.
Easy to work with! I had chrome trim on my windshield and they removed it no problem, unlike Safelite. I highly recommend Southwest!
Good prices. I don't feel ripped off or taken advantage of because I'm a woman and live in a college city.
Tried to take my business there but instead wasted an hour because they were too afraid to take a razor to cut trim off my windshield. Told me I had to take it to a body shop. So instead I went to Southwest. So glad I did. Fixed it right away.
AWESOME place! I rarely give reviews, good ones anyways but it was refreshing to do business with a courteous, helpful, and personable staff! Mark and his staff were great! I have to say this was an enjoyable retailer experience.  Thanks. I will defiantly be coming back and I'll spread the word!
Owner beware! Before getting any work done I should have called around.  In my 9 months going to them because they seemed honest and reasonable I noticed that I was having to go back more frequently to get work done.  Total repairs in 3 months was close to $3K!  They gave me a quote that a water pump, hoses, thermostat, and flush would be $900!  Told them I couldn't afford it so they took off the hoses. It then came to under $500!  I started looking at previous work they had done and questioned the invoices.  Turns out that I could have saved a lot of money by calling around.  Bad on me.  Not only did I question the pricing but whether the work needed to be done in the first place.  The few places I called were surprised when I told them that I needed both inner and outer tie rods replaced.  At first I appreciated the inspection that they do for preventive maintenance but now I think it's a ploy to start replacing crap that you don't need.  Mantra: get quotes from other places first and if it ain't broke, don't fix it!
The fountain by the park is very nice to sit around and catch some mist when the wind picks up on a hot day. I even saw some people sticking their feet in front the edge cool off a bit. The park had what seemed like an outline of the fort in the one section and there were tons of benches to sit on spread out throughout the area. The park itself was very clean and they had some flushable port-o-potties with hand washing stations setup since the art festival is this week. Everything was foot operated which I thought was smart. The views from the park over the river to the Heinz stadium and towards the houses on the cliff in the other direction were beautiful. Nice quiet place to hang out.
As soon as we walked in we were greeted and told we could help ourselves to a seat if we were eating in. Our drinks were served quickly and the burgers came about 5-10 minutes later. The staff was very friendly and ready for soda refills. The place has crisp air conditioning which was nice considering today was in the 80s. As far as the food, the bread was fresh and the fries and cole slaw on top were excellent. Keep in mind everything is included in the sandwich itself and not as sides. The slaw had just the right amount of vinegar on it and totally worked in the veggie southwest bean burger I got. The meal was huge and neither of us could eat it all. If I lived nearby I would have taken the other half home for later. This was my first time here and I will definitely try to make it back if I'm in town.
Made it in time for happy hour! Yay! $5 margaritas were excellent. The pan con chihuahua (basically a small sandwich roll with cheese and cabbage inside) as well as the bean with egg dip were both amazing!  Ask for extra chips to finish the bean dip. The egg was surprisingly good in the dip. We had tofu tacos and mojo nagiri sushi as our main entrees and both were good. Nothing special, but the appetizers were above average. The waitress was very nice and explained each happy hour item and offered suggestions for what she liked. She was on point with the drink refills and ready for us to place the apps and main meal separately. Overall, the staff all worked together and various people would bring your food and provide extra chips if they noticed you were low. Everyone was very friendly and genuinely cared that you were satisfied with everything. The free sangria du jour with Yelp check-in was a plus. The drink we got - margaritas, mojito & sangria were excellent. I would recommend making a reservation if ur party is more than 2; most people did. There was just 2 of us so we only had to wait a few minutes around happy hour on a Friday.  Very cool atmosphere with cool old school Cuban pictures on the wall. I would go back again.
The outdoor seating area is very trendy with a pergola and tons of plants and vines all over the place. Went here on a Thursday a little after 7 and the timing was perfect. The outdoor seating area was packed by 8, so you may need a reservation if you're gonna head out any later than that. We had the creamy coconut milk soup. I got it with vegetables and my sister got it with chicken. I loved the vegetable version, but my sister thought hers would have been better with some of the vegetables added. The spring rolls were very good. For entrees, I got the pad Thai w/tofu and she got the green curry with shrimp. We both got a level 8 spice (on a scale of 1 to 10) and both of us kind of regretted choosing the high amount of spice. We both loved the taste of our entrees and wished we had chosen a level 5 or 6 spice level so we could enjoy the food without coughing. LolThe servers were very attentive and refilled the water frequently. It's a byob, and most tables had a few bottles of wine. Will definitely bring booze next time!
They greeted us as we walked in and asked if we wanted indoor or outdoor seating, but I was a little worried when we sat down and got the chips with guacamole. The chips literally tasted like cardboard. The guacamole was very very cold and didn't have much flavor, didn't taste or see any cilantro or garlic. Just a little bit of diced tomatoes and onions, so nothing special there. Then the food came. I had the grilled tofu tacos with avocado and spicy cabbage on top. Honestly, my favorite tofu tacos ever. The flour tortillas were tasty and the rice and beans were good. The waitress was very nice and the food was exactly as we ordered it.  The drinks were reasonably priced, $4.50 for a corona. The atmosphere was average sound-wise at 6:30 on a Saturday and there was a family with a baby there as well as what looked like several large groups of friends there when we went. So it would be suitable for anyone. I would go back.
Came here on a Saturday morning and it was kind of busy but had plenty of seating available. Lots of cute restaurants and coffee shops and plenty of trees to provide shade near the sitting areas. Overall, the atmosphere was calm and the people were just relaxing together and reading or catching up.
Bagels were excellent and they put the perfect amount of cream cheese on them. The poppy seed was excellent and strawberry cream cheese was perfect! I got the iced coffee and my sister got the cold brewed coffee. Mine was nice and bold and hers seemed a little watered down. The cashier was terribly nice, but didn't know the difference between iced and cold brewed coffee . Only annoying thing was that they were out of lids for the coffee cups.  I would go back because the service was fast and accurate.
Went here to visit with my sister who is Pitt alum and I was impressed. The building is so intricately designed and would be perfect for studying or just web surfing. We stopped by during the summer and unfortunately the nationality rooms were locked. Was hoping to check them out . My sister mentioned there was a Klingon room at one point, so that would have been cool to see. Lol. Nice place to chill for a few minutes if you're visiting the city.
Came to Canine Campus after having a bad experience with a home run dog training business.Communication was good, the classes were great.We liked it a lot more when Lucinda herself was running the classes, as we can feel she knows her way with dogs.Lucinda was professional throughout, couldn't really ask for any different.Group activity was great, classes were always filled, which allowed our dog to socialize with other dogs.
Why people rate this less than 4 is beyond me. Afternoon tea purchase over $10 free buttered pineapple bun or french toast. $25+ for dinner free s&s pork...Lunch menu great price, food is great, service is great for a hk cafe.Can't ask for more. This isn't the keg.
Dinner is okay, afternoon tea is expensive and smaller than expected portions. 7.99 I expect more than 4 small wings and fries.Large variety of food though
Can't ask for a more honest mechanic.  Not the fanciest and prettiest place, but you're just there to get your car fixed.  I know cars quite a bit and I have yet to see him remotely charge someone more than he needs to, of all the years I've lingered around his shop.Not a place for you to take your Ferrari there.  No Bentleys too please.
Horrible service. Overpriced food. Horrible attitude from hostess. We had to ask for tea repeatedly, they never checked on us.We had to eat elsewhere after our dinner because the portions were very small.Would not go back, and would not recommend anyone going back...
First contacted Sho (trainer/owner of business) 2nd week of June. Paid our deposit, went to location indicated and business is basement of residence.  Not a problem, as long as it's good.1st class, 2 people signed up.  In the middle of the class Sho gets into an argument with the other student about negative reinforcement.After the 1st class, no contact was made so we go to our designated out door location as planned.  Waited at the park and no one showed up.  I guess the other student cancelled.  Where was the communication? My time's pretty valuable too...Reaching out to her afterwards and she says her dogs are going through some medical surgeries.  That's a bad excuse and not a good reason.  If I ran a business I'd make sure I contact my students that I can't make it.  Phone calls or emails don't take long at all.Arrangements were made to have the class rescheduled, and by this time it's end of August.  In between was a lot of "Can't this week, busy taking care of dog" and "I'm not available".  In the end we asked for our money back, which was given but our EMT cost and time wasted was not reimbursed.  She didn't offer to give a discount given the hassles we've gone through.  It was either you want your money back or we'll try to schedule another class AGAIN!  At least offering a discount it would've made our hassles worth it!  Poor business practice!We feel that our puppy's prime puppyhood was wasted having to deal with her constant excuses with delaying classes. We wasted our summer time to train her outdoors because of the constant delays and excuses.  In our OPINION, we feel that the constant delays have more of a connection with the lack of participants and students willing to sign up to her service.  But that's only our educated guess.Let's just say we took our business elsewhere where it's run properly and has a storefront.  The business transaction handled between us was unprofessional to say the least.
The owner Jake actually served us that night. We didn't even know he was Jake until he introduced himself when we paid.Excellent service from beginning to end. Very personal. Gave samples of their local beer on tap.Good was great too. Overall a very good experience for a local diner.Would support again.
Love the beef burger and bison burger.  Not sure what people complain about.The place is a very nice, modern, and clean place for the area, given that the neighbourhood is a bit run down.  Police frequent the business so there's definitely no safety issues here.Beef burger and fries with a side of gravy, favourite, without breaking the bank.  Friendly and excellent service.Who doesn't like sports? Lots of TVs to fill that hunger.
Been here many times, mostly for lunch where they offer a free drink.Food is very decent for the price.Beverage is meh, I stick to lemon tea that requires no skills to prepareService is excellent, can't ask for more from a typical Chinese placeOverall, a great choice for lunch and dinner if you want decently priced Chinese food
Newly open Hong Kong style cafe, ordered egg covered beef rice noodles, and black pepper sauce chicken with rice.The "waat dan beef noodle" is good, egg not overcooked. The chicken is fried, good black pepper sauce.Price is very fair, big portions.Will come back, recommended.
STAY AWAY-There should be an option for ZERO stars.When you I get there, I was thrown with some BS excuse why my car can't go in on time, and that this other lady's car had to jump in front.  I had a day off so I didn't care... He's basically overbooked, and if you leave the premise he'll slot you in even later.Sees my car, complains about mud on mats, tries to hustle services on top of $69 groupon which I declined.  Told him mud on rubber mats only, then he said he'll include the cleaning for "free" this time... It's just on the rubber mats!Waited for more than an hour until car went in. Saw them spray the interior down with the pressure washer, wasn't too impressed but hopefully the employee know what he's doing...Car was done, and I ask where is the 2-stage wax and claybar treatment.  The wax apparently is the spray on time that you can get at a $2 coin op.  Claybar? He doesn't have time for that...I leave the place unsatisfied, but remained professional.  I find that the speakers are NOT WORKING.I go back right away, which he was nice enough to bring someone from shop to look at.  His employee was very nice and tried to look at fuses but no solution.Nissan was across from the road so we took it there.  There he went inside to see service manager first, then tells me to go in, then as expected I hear the service manager side with him telling us that you need to "dump the amp in water for it to short".Owner at this point gives his spiel about how he just washed the car and this is NOT his problem and left me at Nissan.  He tells me to take it up with my auto insurance.Called Statefarm and said they don't cover such things and nothing to do with them. They advises that I must get their insurance info to file a claim.I drive back and demanded their insurance info. The owner and his wife are now belligerent and irate, claiming that it has nothing to do with them and that my audio was messed to begin with.  They become rude and called me names, and said they would call Trespass on me if I didn't leave.Good, police should be called as I need my ins info, and their address should be known as problem address. I called the non-emerg line to file the dispute as well.After more than 2 hrs the police were busy attending other mattes, but out of curiosity I've been checking radio and at this point IT WORKS!I let the owner know, and he says "I don't care, you're trespassing!"He's mad because this proves that he messed it up as it dried out eventually and operational, which means his employee apparently did soak my amp enough to "submerge it in water"He ends off with a rude comment, calling me a LOSER for using a groupon for a car wash.  I replied that he's a loser for relying on groupon to get customers.STAY AWAY, is basically what I hope you all get from this shady place. The guy will talk the talk to get you to pay more, and be irresponsible when damages are done.
Service: goodFood: excellentPrice: fairGreat family run fish and chip place. I ordered the halibut and chips special which came with a drink for under $10. The fish was not overly battered, but still had a nice crisp to it. I definitely recommend going to Amy's fish and chips and giving it a try.
This is by far one of the most confusing clubs I have ever been to! The layout is just weird. An elevator takes you up to the main dance room's level which is fine. But after that be prepared to trek up a ton of flights of stairs in nondescript stairwells to get to the other rooms. However, don't let this discourage you. Definitely check out the other rooms. One of my personal favorites is the library, complete with old school bookshelves, pool tables, couches and a bar.I went on a Saturday night and cover was $45 for guys. Music is pretty much what you would expect with house in the main room and hip hop in a smaller (very crowded) room. I ended up having a lot of fun and staying until close so I would definitely recommend this venue. An added bonus for girls is the free flip flops the bouncers hand out as you leave the club. I personally witnessed a bunch of girls going crazy over them.
Great location, so-so accommodations.I know it's Vegas and they say you never sleep anyway, right?? But if you're by chance one of those rare persons that actually wants to sleep at some point you better be super drunk or on some kind of sleeping pills because the sound insulation in the rooms is nonexistent! You can experience such pleasures as everyone in the world walking down the hallway or the cranky mom yelling at her kids every second they're in the room. But that's not all, act now and you can also experience guy in the next bathroom!Pros:- Housekeeping was friendly and accommodating- Center strip location- Nice decorCons:- Would not budge on the checkout time- Mandatory $22 resort fee.- Uncomfortable beds- Noisy
Yes, it's true but so weird. A nice upscale steakhouse in Circus Circus... I came here with my friends for a bachelor party dinner without the actual bachelor (don't ask). So if you saw a bunch of awesome guys in suits walking by your kids holding their carnival prize stuffed animals, that would have been us.This place had everything I would expect from a great steak house. The decor is dimly lit very upscale. The staff is very formal and polite. What's also interesting is that the kitchen is actually in the middle of the seating area so you can see the chefs preparing all the food.The rib-eye I ordered was huge and perfectly cooked medium rare. It had been aged and the taste was amazing. And unlike some other steak houses, the entrees come with salad and your choice of sides. The garlic mash potatoes were delicious.
I booked a room at the Tropicana for a last minute weekend trip to Vegas. At the time, it was one of the cheapest hotels on the strip I could get so I wasn't expecting much. The hotel has recently gone through extensive renovations. Everything from the lobby to the casino to the rooms had an updated look and feel. It's still a little cheesy with the bland floral patterns everywhere but at least it's better than run down and trashy.Tropicana is located right on the strip making things very accessible by walking. Also, gaming is relatively cheap with $10 minimums on a Saturday night. However, I wasn't too thrilled about the mandatory $15 per day resort fee. Overall, it was pretty much everything I needed in a Vegas hotel for a weekend to party. A pretty solid choice if you're looking a basic place to stay.
No bachelor party in Vegas is complete without the obligatory visits to "Establishments" and shooting fully automatic firearms. Side note: someone should consider combining both...Anyway, back to this review,  Range 702 has its fair share of good and bad. Setting up the reservation for 8 people was extremely easy and convenient. I was able to email Ariana and she reserved our packages and setup our shuttle pickup from the hotel we were staying at. When we got there I gave them my name and everything was ready to go.Because some of the guys in our group were not big on shooting, they wanted to split a package so they could at least try out a gun or two.  Unfortunately Range 702 does not allow this which is a bummer. I mean, they let all the non-shooters go inside the range anyway, so what's the big deal? Also, the girl at the front desk gave us a bit of unnecessary 'tude and told the guys to man up and buy their own packages.Once we were on the lanes everyone had a fantastic time. The two instructors/guides were great. Both were ex-military and extremely helpful and cool to talk to. They allow you to pose for as many pictures as you want and keep all your targets. Considering that each gun only lasts about 10 seconds, documenting it helps make it a more memorable experience. (That's what she said)
If you're traveling alone this $7.50 airport shuttle may be just what you need to get you to your hotel. I booked online from the San Diego airport while waiting for my flight into Vegas. Although, I later found out you can just buy your ticket when you get there. You'll need a paper print out for the driver to scan (smart phone won't cut it) so if you don't have one the attendant at the booth will print one out for you.My only issue is that it did take about 30 minutes to get to my hotel stop at the Paris. However, it wasn't necessarily the driver's fault but just an artifact of the service. My stop at the Paris hotel was the last stop so I had to wait it out while stops were made at everyone else's hotels first. So if you're on a time constraint or you've got a few people with you, it's more time effective to take a cab.
This seems like one of the smaller clubs in Vegas. There's only one room/dance floor that's typically pretty crowded. However, the music is usually the bright spot as the DJ tends to stick to hip hop.The thing that really really annoys me is that the bartenders will not serve tap water, only $8 bottles. Do you have to be such money grubbers that you won't give tap water with the rest of the round!?
The first time I visited the Bootlegger Italian Bistro, I was not impressed. But because the music was someone that I wanted to hear, I decided to try it a second time. I had the fettuccine Alfredo with Shrimp.The 4 shrimp were over cooked and like rubber. The Alfredo sauce was pretty tasteless and lacking seasoning. The drinks were good, but getting a refill on my water glass was a real chore. I will not be going back!
I just took my Subaru to these guys for the first time, and it will not be the last! From answering the phone, to the explanations when my car was done, the customer service was top notch! I had a tire that lost air, and my low tire light kept coming on, so I took it to them and had the tires checked, rotated and balanced. Great service done fast, cannot ask for better than that. And they explained to me that I could bring it back at any time for a free air check. Keep up the great work.
This was my first visit to Mezzo Bistro, and I will not be in a hurry to return. I ordered the Chicken Piccata, it would have been ok except the chicken was thick with black pepper. And the black pepper was not completely cracked so it was like getting  large pepper seeds in my mouth and it ruined the dish. The service was bad, I saw good service in the next station, but did not get any myself. When the bill came, it was wrong and we had to have him correct it, which he did grudgingly.
I tried this BBQ today at lunch for the first time and will not be going back. I ordered the tri tip ribs, french fries and slaw. The slaw was ok, the french fries were loaded with black pepper and the tri tips were inedible. The tips were so tough that I could barely get any meat off them. There were a couple in the bottom that were not just tough, but also stringy like shoe leather. I ended up throwing the entire meal in the garbage and walking out.
A friend and I ate breakfast this morning at the Bacon Bar for the first time. Half way through my hash browns I found a piece of metal which the waitress identified as a piece of a Brillo pad. I had eaten only a half dozen bites of my Italian scramble which I did not like, and stopped eating at that point. About an hour after leaving the restaurant, I came down with severe stomach cramps and many trips to the bathroom. I will not be returning to this place, even though the waitress was friendly and the service was fast.
Loved this show, and will take friends from out of town when they visit. It is one of the few family friendly shows that I have seen and I would take even my youngest grandchild to see it. If you like comedy, acrobatics, music, dancing and surprises you should see this show. For almost 2 hours we were entertained, and it never felt too long. All the entertainers were so talented, the music was great, and the comedy kept us laughing.
I first had them out to add a few outside outlets to my recently purchased home. They arrived promptly for the estimate, and again to do the work. The person that did the estimate arrived along with the electricians to make sure that they understood what I wanted. The work was done quickly and perfectly. The following week, I had purchased a fountain to be placed outside near one of the outlets that they had installed for me. The company that was installing the fountain stated that they needed the outlet to be a few inches lower than it was installed. I called ECO, and they got someone right out to move the outlet for me. I am a very pleased customer.
I would not book with this company, they make appointments, only to cancel them again and again. Yes, I tried to use their service, but after the THIRD cancellation, I gave up. Save yourself the trouble!
This is the third time I have used this service, and it will be the last. When I made the appointment they said I would have Vincent to groom my cat and as I had Vincent in the past that was fine with me. But Jamie showed up and had no clue how to handle a cat. The cut was terrible, he cut my cats nipple. Had him in a choke hold instead of holding him by the nape of the neck. And the van was filthy! Jamie bathed him in a filthy bathtub that was used as storage for the gallon jugs of cleaning supplies. Save your cat! I did call them and complain, and they are going to comp this service, as I think they should.
I have used Chris and his crew multiple times for both repair and changes to my sprinkler system. They answer the phone, make an appointment and show up when they say they will. The work is done quickly and I have never had to call them back a second time for a repair that they have made.
I contacted Bulwark to set up a one time service. They quoted me a price the same as a current groupon price. But when they arrived they told me that I had to sign up for a years service with that price plus $10 every other month. This was a bait and switch in my opinion and I sent them away. Never again!
I have to say that Capri Walker is the reason I come  to this enterprise location.. My car was in the shop for almost a month and she went out of her way to make sure that I was taken care of. Even when my rental car got a nail in the tire.. Capri`s warm friendly professional manner  is an asset to your company...capri is the best
The food was good but we experienced the worst customer service ever!We came to this restaurant excited because we didn't think we can eat pho visiting Canada. As Vietnamese Americans, we were eager to get to meet with Vietnamese people in Canada land. When we entered, we spoke to them in Vietnamese as a friendly gesture and they acted like they don't understand and started speaking English. Then we overheard them speaking to each other in Vietnamese and we thought they were just trying to be professional. It's all alright. We're new here so we were waiting for the waitress to come over to take orders. When we told them we were ready, the girl said nothing then pointed us at a piece of paper on the table and walked away. We learned that to order we had to write what we want on there and gave it to them. It's still alright. The rude part came when the waiter served us and knocked over my cup of tea. The tea was spilled all over the table, but he said nothing, leaving the dish on the table and walked away. It's not about the accident but how he responded to that. NO APOLOGY! He didn't even come back to clean it. The second waiter came over to serve my husband and we had to ask him to clean it. The second guy was nice and he just did it without complaining. Since I was disrespected, I planned to talk to the owner later. My husband said " We got good food so just let this go". I agreed with him. When we came to the counter to pay, the owner was there. We thought since he's old, he would be wiser and more reasonable. We said hi in Vietnamese but he didn't even acknowledge us and just handed us the bill. We thought he could be busy so patiently we waited. When he's done, he waved my husband over (the way you called a kid over).  In US, we paid by giving the cashier the card so that's what we did. He refused to say anything but pointed us at the machine and gestured us how to swipe our card like we are two dumb people standing in front of him. He didn't even wait for the receipt to come out. He just walked away. We were baffled. Later the girl came over and handed us our receipt.We were speechless! They had given us a very bad impression of Vietnamese Canadians. We were too shocked to try any other Vietnamese restaurant there. We went to countless Vietnamese restaurants in US and we were never treated this bad.
Antipasto plate was amazing!  I never thought roasted carrots could taste so great!  Italian bread was also off the chain!  Pizza was good.  The crust was crunchy, chewy and soft. Perfectly baked with a nice amount of char.  The atmosphere at both wine bar and pizzeria are just my style.  The brick walls with concrete floors and blooming purple flowers "on steroids" can be viewed through the windows.  Go here but plan to wait.
I tried Clean Eatz for the first time the other day. I got several meals and so far my favorite is the Cilantro Chicken & Rice. I'm a gal on the go and often do not have time to buy groceries and meal prep myself so this place is great. The pricing is great too per meal. I spent less per meal than when I would be busy at work and going through drive-throughs (and not to mention, so much better for you) Thanks CleanEatz, can't wait for my next order!
Apparently this is the pet store Paris Hilton bought her 3 pet ferrets, a goat, and her kinkajou Baby Luv.  The store owner confirmed it when I asked her.Awhile ago I was in the market for a new pet, maybe a parrot or a hedgehog, and I visited pet stores in Las Vegas because they have more exotic animals than in CA (most of them are illegal in CA).  The first one I visited was Exotic Pets and they only had an okay selection.  They had bunnies, a variety of different rodents and gerbils, reptiles, parakeets, a kinkajou (about $5000), a flying squirrel, puppies, kittens, several ferrets, and even some baby pigs for display and for sale.  The store owner said they have other animals (such goats and hedgehogs) you could special order.The store was pretty small so I navigated it pretty quickly.  All the staff seemed pretty knowledgeable about all the animals.  Several kids came in with their parents begging for a ferret, although I don't understand why they would want one.  Sure they're cute and trainable, but do they know how much they smell?? The store owner had to keep spraying the ferrets with deodorizer every few minutes to keep their stench at bay...
This is one of my favorite hotels.  It's known as one of the most spectacular resorts in the world.  With Frank Lloyd Wright inspired architecture, they have great rooms esp. the cottages with private patios, sprawling lush landscaping, and 8...yes 8 swimming pools (one with a slide!).I've never seen another hotel with so many activities.  Croquet and life size chess, 18-hole putting course, an adjacent golf course, fitness center, tennis, hikes, bicycle rides, cooking classes, yoga, golf, board games, arts and crafts, sporting activities, a Kids Korral (play equipment includes arack ride, floating stones, a bowed ladder, tunnel spiral slide, curly climber, snake pole, triple slide, chain net climber, arched bridge, loop climber, super rider and corkscrew), and a spa where you can get a massage outdoors in a tent next to the pool.  The pool and jacuzzi are open 24/7.The style of the rooms is mission with textiles in desert palettes.  The room service is great, the food is tasty -- it's the perfect place to unwind.
Okay, so it might not be the classiest or fancily extravagant like many buffets in Vegas, but it the selection is unbeatable! What other buffet that you know serves up Vietnamese pho with all the fixings? They've hit every cuisine from Mexican, Japanese, Chinese, a sushi bar, teppanyaki grill to order, Brazilian grill, Italian, to even a diner setup for hot dogs, burgers, fries, and make-your-own milkshakes.  And the sweetest part - a dessert station that has over 70 kinds of pies, cakes, pastries, and gelato.What I go there for is the crab and shrimp. People bring heaps of them to their table with abundant amounts of melted butter and cocktail sauce. The crab legs are semi-cracked so they're easy to eat.  Rio buffet is always in my Las Vegas itinerary because it satisfies all my cravings!!It might not be gourmet but if you want variety with average to above average quality, the selection is endless...
I could care less when people talk about how crappy it is here. Yes it's far from your fancy strip restaurant but you wouldn't even entertain this option if that was what you were looking for. Victorian Cafe probably belongs in Fremont to be quite honest, but fond memories of curing after hours hunger pangs with $6.99 steak and eggs or $13.99 prime rib is enough to keep me coming back. It is dang busy during prime time 3am-5am, people stumble in from all directions. It is the stop you make post-club, before you go back to your hotel and sleep until noon the next day. The $6.99 steak and eggs comes with steak, albeit a thin steak that was probably tenderized with a meat hammer, 2 eggs, and toast. I prefer my steak medium rare and they always seem to get it right (haven't gotten sick; so far so good). Also, I was pleasantly surprised by the prime rib! It's juicy with a moderare fat, cooked right, comes with fries or a potato. At the Victorian, all of the servers are Asian and they even have a part of the menu that's dedicated to Asian cuisine. Either Asians are taking over or this place may be suffering from an identity crisis.
These frozen concoctions are delicious and horrendously deceiving. Don't underestimate the power of a Fat Tuesday.If one "skinny" cocktail can average 150 calories, and the average fruity cocktail is around 250 calories, think about the caloric content in a YARD STICK. Yes, Fat Tuesday lives up to its name.I fave mixing the strawberry daiquiri and pina colada together.
Office is fantastic! The staff is very friendly. Taylor is amazing she works wonders! I higly recommend coming here.
This is my oasis from any worries in the world. I have a bad day I go training, stressing out train. The family aspect of this place is amazing. The people are incredibly friendly and inviting. If you never tried Capoeira I advise you try it! It's life changing one of the best things I've ever done.
This was the highlight of my last Vegas trip. My friend and I bought some groupons and honestly didn't know what to expect. We were picked up on time by Blake, who also happens to be hot and really nice. After a quick 20 minutes or so we were in the dunes. The guides give clear instructions but it's not super drawn out. After a little practice you're out to the dunes. If you are scared or don't want to go fast stay in the back. If you're not, pass people when it's safe and get to the front. Seemed like we were out there for quite awhile in the dunes. Had some good steep drops and a good course. So worth the money! Also, Stephanie was really sweet and made us feel really at home! Great staff, great experience. Will be next year!!!!
I just had their flowers sent to a friend and they are beautiful! I chose Nectar based on the photos on their website and they do not disappoint. I asked for something with pink peonies, soft and pretty and they completely over delivered. I love their aesthetic and will most definitely use them again.
Stayed here for conference with my husband 7/17/16 to 7/20/16 (actually, I'm still in this god forsaken  hellhole writing this review with no escape due to the hour of the night and the fact that the room is prepaid) and I can't wait to leave. Upon check in after a long flight from NY, I waited in line to check in for ONE HOUR to check in. As I tried to find my room, I was tripping over children (yes, children sleeping in the floor and sitting at slots in the casino), and that was an experience. All of the elevators to get to your room are in the middle, that's right, the middle, of the casino.  Upon entering the elevator (which anyone from the street can access as there is no security or any measures to keep people outside of the hotel from wandering around to your door), I was greeted with a stink of garbage, marijuana and old spilled beer--ugh. Upon entering my room, it appeared near, UNTIL I noticed something on the portrait in my room---a SEMEN STAIN from God known when.  I calledThe desk, who sent me to the concierge, who did nothing. That was Sunday. Monday, stain still there even though cleaning person was in room (the who hotel is filthy, so who knows what's going on), so again, why she didn't see it, I don't  know. Inwas told by Hotel Manager 1 that it would be taken care of.  It wasn't.Tuesday morning:!went to concierge who directed, and personally walked my husband and I to her.  She didn't believe us (we had photos, unfortunately) and suggested that maybe someone was paining a mounding and it dropped on the paining.  Umm, no!  She refused to take any responsibility or to make it right and said it would be taken care of immediately.  Since the room hadn't been clean yet, I figured "okay".  Nothing was done seven hours later. Tuesday afternoon, my husband went to complain (after I was left on hold for 45 minutes waiting to speak to a manager) and was told it would be taken care of. Tuesday evening: we return from a great night and find that the stain is now smeared on the painting, but there's 8 extra towels in the bathroom.  WHAT????  I decided to go down to the front desk at 9:15 (less than an hour ago) and clear this up.  I was told by WOODY (how apropos to my situation) that he will send someone up to clean it right then (at 9:30 pm, no!). I told him of how I spent a lot money in his hotel and could have stayed somewhere else better for less: example the "Delano"). I told him how grossed out I was and he shrugged and said he and his girlfriend where in the same position last month and they were "powerless" too.  First of all: I don't care; secondly: then do better than what you had.  It left off with him saying his hotel is too large to help everyone and that he has no control over house keeping.   I suggest that Woody read the want ads to find a job where he can pass the buck and be proud of the anarchy and jungle he is helping to build.  (Hey, he may be good for the DNC---kidding, sort of). Anyway, the real gem was his last statement to me " You're leaving tomorrow anyway, so what difference does it make if you stay in the room one more?". I'm sure Hooters and Motel 6 accords the street are cleaner and run better. Stay away! I wish Yelp didn't make me give a star, this place is in the negatives.
Guinea pizza was good but not the best even if guy fiery says so.. the rebel is the way to go. Awesome beer selection.
My fiancee and I went there the other night and had a rather poor experience. We walk in and were seated by a young man. Roughly 10 minutes had gone by and we still hadn't even seen our server to give him our drink orders. Since we were on the patio, we thought maybe he didn't know we were there. When he finally does come, it's the same guy that sat us (so he obviously knew we were there). He's fairly quick with bringing out the water and pizzas we ordered, but then he disappeared again for about 15-20 minutes. We finally had to get one of the bussers to grab our server because we were done eating and wanted our check (we'd finished 10 minutes prior to asking for him). All in all, the food was good, but the service was awful.EDIT: I have contacted Brixx, as requested, and they have not responded back. It's nice of them to "make an effort" to reach out, but doesn't help if they don't actually follow through.EDIT 2: After my initial edit, the manager contacted me again and sent us some vouchers to give them another shot. We haven't gotten by there yet, but we may give them another shot to see if our experience was a fluke or not.
This is the second time I've gone out of my way to give them a try and both times they were out of plain white steamed rice. I don't want brown rice or the white rice with cilantro and oils in it. I just want steamed rice. This is a very simple and key ingredient that could go in just about every order yet they can't keep any on hand.
It seems as though most people either love this gym or hate it. I've been working out here for a year and a half and I love it. I love that they allow you to have a membership that only covers free weights and cardio equipment, that way I'm not paying for group fitness classes that I'm not taking. I'm a bigger guy and lift heavy. There are a lot of other bigger guys here and they challenge me. Everyone I've met is nice, and the staff is usually pretty helpful. I don't need a trainer, but the little that I've seen, the female trainers suck (giving the exact same workout to every client, giving ridiculous exercises, etc.), and most of the male trainers are fairly decent. Dumbbells go up to 120lbs, and they have tons of free weights and benches. The only time I have to weight (haha) for equipment is on the 4th Monday of the month when they have their member appreciation day and provide food. Other than that, most people are cool with sharing equipment. I don't use these things, but they have child care, group fitness, cycling room, women only workout room, massage therapist, basketball courts, and a smoothie bar.
This was incredible!Tickets were a bit pricey, but my fiancee and I went to the Bilagio  and found the ticket desk. They gave us an additional 15% off of our ticket if we chose the evening show (I'm guessing they were trying to fill up the arena), so our tickets were roughly $135 each, but it was worth every penny.When the show starts they do a fantastic job of getting you involved in the performance (not physically, of course), but you find yourself lost in the show. There's so much going on at one time, sometimes it's hard to see everything, but it's so beautiful and the acrobatics were incredible!If you could see only one show in Vegas, I'd absolutely recommend "O"!
I took my family here for Charlotte's Restaurant Week the other night to celebrate my dad's birthday. There were 5 of us. Let me just say, it was incredible. I've done the Restaurant Week thing before on numerous occasions and, it's very easy to come across servers and restaurants that are focused on getting you in and out as quickly as possible. This was absolutely not the case here.Being that it was Restaurant Week, there was a set menu for us to choose from. Unfortunately, there was not a vegetarian option (my fiancee is vegetarian), however the server spoke with the chef and they were able to come up with an incredible vegetarian pasta that she loved. The server was very conscious to avoid any soups that had a meat broth as well. In addition, at no point were any of our water glasses ever empty, every interaction with the server was met with a smile, and what's more important, we never felt rushed. The server found out that it was my dad's birthday, and brought him a cheesecake with a candle for dessert (complementary). As for the food, I can say that this was without a doubt the best steak I've ever had. The filet was so tender and cooked perfectly! For some perspective, I've eaten at Ruth's Chris, Del Friscos, and several other high-end steakhouses in addition to working at a very high-end country club. Capital Grille blew all of them out of the water. I truly can't say enough about our experience. My dad said that it was the best birthday he'd had in a very long time, and attributed it to his experience at Capital Grille. If you are looking for a great place to eat, with great service, I can't recommend this place enough.
My fiancee and I went there back in May when we were in Vegas. The food was incredible! The only downside was our service. We were both out of water for awhile and, despite the fact that there were server assistants walking by us with water pitchers and one looking right at us and our table as he walked by, we went about 15 minutes with nothing to drink.
It was ok. I had the sesame chicken. The sauce was pretty good, but the chicken was mediocre. There was very little actual chicken and it was mostly breading. They gave pretty generous portions, but all in all the lack of quality chicken was a bit of a let down.
My fiance and I went to Vegas a few weeks ago and, upon seeing a lot of great reviews on this site, decided to give this show a try. We were hoping for a bit of an adult show and from the reviews, this seemed like the one to try.The seats were about $100-110, but if you walk by the tent, they hand out coupons for 20% off, so I think our tickets were roughly $90 each. We decide to see the later show because we were hoping that the crowd would be a bit drunker and a bit more engaging.We show up and walk into this tent that has a single circular stage in the middle (roughly 12' in diameter) and there's a large curtain covering the stage. The atmosphere inside the tent is rather cool, but then we see our seats. They have crammed so many people into this tent that you might as well be sitting on someone's lap. My fiance didn't mind as much, but I'm a bit broader in the shoulders and could not sit up straight because I felt wedged between my fiance and the guy next to me. The show starts with a rather cool balancing act and song. I will say that their acts were rather impressive, however, there were literally only about 6 of them. Most of it was commentary from the host and his assistant.As everyone on here has said, the show is crude. The host basically found a few people in the audience that fit into a stereotype and picked on them all night. The main problem I had with the entire show was the humor (or lack thereof). Neither me, nor my fiance, were ever offended and we are regularly accused of making crude jokes, so don't think that we don't appreciate crude humor. The problem was the lack of depth with the humor. It was very similar to back in high school when someone learns how to curse, so to get a cheap laugh out of their friends, they'd talk about sex, throw a few f-bombs in there, and then wait for people to laugh. It was incredibly shallow and basically crude for the sake of being crude.Honestly, halfway through I was hoping it was almost over, but sat through it since I'd already paid almost $200 for us to see this show. I'm not sure how others are rating this as high as they are, but it was quite the waste of money. I'd rather have spent it at a Cirque show or even gambling.
My fiancee and I went here a couple nights ago with some friends for Restaurant Week. Let me first say that, having worked in the service industry before, I'm very aware that Restaurant Week can be hectic, so any review I give will have taken these things into consideration. That being said, our experience here was awful.Given that it was Restaurant Week, there was a predetermined menu of items to choose from for appetizer, entree, and dessert. To start out, when we placed our order, my friend asked if there was any way we could get a soup instead of a salad (their only appetizers were salads and a few of us didn't eat salad). They said they wouldn't swap anything out. So we both (myself included) ended up ordering a salad that neither of us ate. When the salad did arrive, the server reached over me to serve my fiancee her salad and he clearly had not been bothered to apply deodorant that morning. Needless to say, it was rather unpleasant.For me, the worst part of the night was when my fiancee (who happens to be vegetarian) asked what vegetarian options they could come up with for an entree since they had no vegetarian options on their Restaurant Week menu. After speaking with the chef, they came back and said that she could have 3 vegetables from their side items menu as her entree. Seriously?! A high-end restaurant with an executive chef can't come up with some pasta dish or something creative for a vegetarian?! So my fiancee ate mashed potatoes, asparagus, and some mediocre macaroni and cheese. This just showed a total lack of preparation and care on their part and severely ruined my opinion on Del Frisco's. Had she been vegan, fine.. I get that could be difficult, but vegetarians are fairly common nowadays. How could you not have some backup plan for them?In addition to the poor lack of preparation, the service was pretty poor. Our water glasses, while not empty for too long, were still empty numerous times throughout our meal. And since the server and moved the bottle of wine that we'd ordered to a wine chiller against the wall and was routinely gone from the table for lengthy periods of time, I had to get up and get the bottle myself to poor my fiancee and me some more wine. The only silver lining in our entire experience was the dessert. While the cheesecake was fairly poor (everyone at our table was disappointed in it), I ordered the banana bread pudding cake and it was incredible.Honestly, if you're going to spend this kind of money, there are plenty of much better options in the Charlotte area. Needless to say, we likely we not be returning, and will likely point any friends in another direction when looking for a nice place to eat.
The guys are really friendly and the prices aren't too bad. They aren't the quickest, but they aren't too slow either and they usually have something good on the TV in the waiting area.
I love this place. I used to go here a couple mornings a week for their breakfast special. It's a couple eggs, about 4 strips of bacon, an awesome biscuit, and a ton of breakfast potatoes, all for about $4. The people are always friendly and service is pretty quick. I used to go to lunch their occasionally and get the BBC plate. It was really good too. In general, the food is good, the prices are great, and people are friendly. I couldn't really ask for much more.
The service here is amazing and the food is on point to satisfy your Korean BBQ craving. Also our server Jaenica was one of the cool people to have to help with the service and has a great personality throughout our time with our meals.  Would come here again.
Very, very good airport terminal restaurant.  I ordered three things and shared with my friend and I find the food is above my expectation (For an airport facilities) and price is not outrage too.I really like their chicken fingers, steak fries and burgers were okay too.  Chicken Caesar wrap was alright.  I wish the chicken tasted better. Can totally skip that one.  But burger is good value you get 1/2 lb of angus meat with choice of toppings (for a fee).Great services.  One of the best airport pub.  Great place to kill time.Now they need to add more cell phone charging stations, then it will be perfect.
I didn't know this restaurant earned michelin star after I was about to review it.  We had a table right next to the water (basically having a high roller friend who gets her VIP access makes your experience better).The service was decent but I wouldn't give it excellent.We had seafood platter, which was good.  The steak that I had was OK, nothing remarkable.  I just feel everything is pretty average here.  For a Michelin star restaurant, they should've done better.Steak...pretty average. I find better steaks in my neighborhood joint. Other than the view...I dont' know what keeping me from coming back.
Super popular modernized izakaya in Toronto that opens late.I was really hungry and was looking for hot food and found this chain izakaya in Toronto that's not too far from the subway so I went there, and found out the line is about 45mins - 1 hour wait.  My suggestion is to go approx 1 hour (or 1.5 hours before on weekday) as the waits usually die down around that time.The food menu is extremely limited for an izakaya, but its adequate. It have all the essential elements of izakaya.1) Sashimi -  uni/sweet shrimp/monk fish sashimi.  Fresh, but definitely not sushi restaurant grade, and you are not paying the sushi restaurant price either.2) Fried Chicken - juicy, tender, but not salty enough.3) Baked Oyster - Its pretty Americanized taste. Think of scallop dynamite with oyster instead.4) Beef Tataki - I personally preferred Beef over Maguro tataki here.5) Lobster Salad - Skip it, its very small portion.6) Exotic Pork - Skip it, its nothing to write home about7) Oden - order the daikon and egg, its sooo good!8) Yakiudon - its really good, the scent of mushroom blended in with the udon.  Its one of my favorite dishes.Try not to wear your fancy outfits here as your clothes will be stained with the smell of izakaya!
Great All You Can Eat Sushi Joint in Vegas.Located in a shopping plaza.  Easy to park.  The restaurant is not too big but staffs are very efficient with orders.  During non-busy hours, you can actually eat longer than the regulated 60 mins but usually people are full before they hit an hour landmark.  Fishes were fresh.  Make sure to check their daily specials!  I like their fresh scallop (its previously frozen, however) but still pretty good for AYCE standard.  Uni melts in your mouth as well.  Sweet shrimp is better than typical AYCE place too.  I also liked their salmon, yellowtail, amber jack, albacore sushi.  Their tempura shrimp and seaweed salad is good too.  One of the best I have had in the AYCE restaurant.  Thumbs up.   They also make pretty good rolls, including 1/2 order rolls so for those who can't consume the whole spider roll, this is the place to go.My only gripe for this place is that their sushi rice is bit on the firm side.  It wasn't  very "sticky" when I was there.  Maybe just one of the bad nights?  Their Ikura (Salmon Eggs) weren't that salty too so if you don't like fishy stuff, try to avoid that.  Other than that, its definitely worth to make a trip here if you are very hungry and loves sushi!
Wynn's Buffet beats other buffets on the strip hands down (In terms of quality and price variables).I do believe their weekday lunch is a very good value ($23.95).  You get all those variety of meats and vegetables to choose from. The taste are decent to excellent for most.  My personal favorite is their grilled flank steak and seabass.  Its restaurant quality-like food!Other items worth mention during lunch:  Chinese Chicken Salad (Replaced by Smoked Salmon Salad during dinner time). Soup station. Dinner starts at 3:30pm.  It includes the famous Alaska King Crab Legs, Prime Ribs, Jumbo Shrimp Cocktails, and more deserts to choose from including the made to order waffles and crepes.  Their seafood and hot food stations changes between lunch and dinner too.  Service is attentive. I am quite happy with the service that they provided.  Its good to visit here again for lunch, or dinner, or if you can, sit from lunch TO dinner :P  But then you will have to workout extra hard after the visit from The Buffet.
Location:  On the Strip, easy access for everyone. Valet parking available.Service: Most people were friendly except our original server did not take care of us at all so another gentlemen took over and helped us out during our entire meal.Ambiance: Totally casual. It feels like people are here to enjoy good food / wine.Food:  Rosemary Bread is yummmmmmyWollensky's Salad is a must-have!  So delicious (Especially Bacon crumb)Oscar's Fillet is a must have as well! NY Steak is more leanCajun Ribeye is a bit weak on the flavors. I had better ones in Morton's Steak housePeople said the Prime rib is good.  I didn't get to have.I had cheesecake for dessert.  Although homemade, I feel something is lacking.If you can, reserve a private dining room by the kitchen. Its fun to watch/to be watched while eating!
No Resort FeeFree Wifi in Lobby areaSpacious RoomCleanFunctioning A/C (Very cold)Comfortable BedStrong Shower PressuresEZ ParkingPool opens until 10pmLoose SlotsSome dining options and non casino entertainment options available.For $49 on weekday night, what can you expect?oh they also give u a booklet (2x) when you check in , that also throw in 2 beers for free.. What else can you ask for???Definitely COME!
There are several starbucks located throughout LAS airport gates.  The line is always LONG in the morning time.  I know people want to get a cup of coffee to wake them up but god, they need to have more staff in the morning hours to fulfill the duties!Tip: If you are not buying drinks or you can consume quickly.  Try to buy your drink at the location before you hit the security. Its almost no wait over there and avoid the morning rush hour if you can.
I used to think LA got one of the Best Ramen places in town.  Opinions changed!!Monta Noodle House for now got the BEST Tonkotsu Ramen Soup in town! I have tried the famous Ramen shop in LA, SF, and NYC.  This one is no doubt the  BEST.  Thick creamy soup with bald flavors.  Although I am not the fan of thin noodles but they managed to cook it right (Shinsengumi Hataka Ramen in Gardena can not get it right, so does the famous Ippudo in NYC).  I also LOVED their nitamago (soft broiled egg).  YUMMY (Look at the business photo that I placed)This place is now on my official "Must Visit" place when coming to Sin City.  So Good!$!#$!$!  and they also accept credit cards :D
Seriously, Its not that impressive.  Up to a point that I don't even remember what the taste was right after when I walked out the restaurant.The food is mediocre at best.  Nothing to be wowed about.  Service was average at best.I don't know what the hype was about, but everyone in my party believed that it is just an OK place.  There are many more dining options in Vegas, try somewhere else.
I had high tea at MO Tea Lounge this past weekend and had an overall nice experience.  You just simply proceed to the 23rd floor sky lobby and the tea room is right next to the check in counter.  The views by the window are simply breathtaking, although lack of wow factor.  The service are on the level of a true 5 stars experience - friendly, knowledgeable about their products yet professional, which is rare in Vegas hospitality industries.  I was pleased to see this level of service in Vegas.  I give 4 stars because the service is 5 stars, however the food is 3 stars, thus 4 stars rating on average.The high tea comes with choice extensive choices of tea and 3 trays of tea pastries (top layer of tea pastries, middle layer scones, and bottom layer with tea sandwiches).   The bottom try sandwich came with Salmon cucumber, Chicken curry, black forest ham, egg salad sandwich.  I was quite underwhelmed with the taste of the sandwhich.  The breads were dry and it taste is either too salty or no taste at all.   Black forest ham was the best of all but still not remarkable. The scones in the middle are the best along with their strawberry ruhburb jam.  Their desserts were disappointing, too.  The macaroon looks nice but the taste (Vanilla & Strawberry) did not impress me at all.  It was just pure sweet, their chocolates were quite average too. Lemon lavender cake was really sweet, I guess that can go with the tea well.  My favorite was the pistacho mousse with strawberry jam, but still that was very sweet at all.  For the name of the MO high tea, they still have quite some way to go.  There is no comparison to their sister property, MO Bangkok High tea.I am also sad to see that they will discontinue with the refill service with their high tea.  Next time when having high tea in Vegas, I will venture out to different options.
For now, this is my favorite place in Las Vegas.They have changed back to the old name Tabelau.  So I will finish my review there.
I stayed at this hotel during a busy weekend in Vegas.  However, the moment that you walked into the hotel, the entire Vegas vibe is gone.  Instead, it gives you very soothing and calm feeling.  The lobby is located at 23rd floor (Sky lobby) and the guest rooms are actually located between 4th to 22nd floors, where 7th & 8th floors are actually spa/pool/gym use so the room numbers are limited.  The decoration are not Vegas fancy, but definitely tastefully decorated and its very modern elegant with the hint of Asian tone in it.  From the moment you walked in, everyone that I encountered was very , very friendly and eager to please.  I loved the fact they placed a very comfortable couch inside elevator. If you happened to be there, make sure to try it out.The room that I stayed at was the cityscape room on the 22nd floor.  The room itself is very nice. A huge walkin closet, separate bath tub/ shower and nice work space table and a very, very comfortable couch.  The bed and linens were top quality.  Its so smooth that you actually feel like a second layer of skin on you and their mattress guarantee a good night sleep. Housekeeping also did an excellent job maintaining their room.  Most things in the room are controllable from the touch panel located next to bed.  From curtains, lighting, TV channel and room temperatures.  However, I can feel their AC is weak for Las Vegas weather and it will become a problem during summer time when Vegas hit 100Fs.  Shower is a bit difficult to get used to it for the first timer but once you get used to it, its no problem.  However, the biggest issue with this room is the lack of privacy between bathroom and bedroom.  The glass on the walkaway between bathroom and bedroom are transparent, and there is nothing to block it at all. It will be an issue if staying at this room with friends or family.I also dislike their swimming pool.  It was very small and uninteresting design.  Comparing to other hotel pools in Vegas, this is like your average apartment style swimming pool without the heated function during the non summer time.  The biggest pet peeve for this property is their food & beverage department.  Its not just average, it was quite bad for the hotel at this caliber.  I tried their breakfast at Mozen, Horrible.  Overcooked steak, undercooked salmon (bento box) and the fruits were not even ripen.  I wish I could've return the food entirely but I did not do so.  Their afternoon tea at Mandarin Tea Lounge was very average at best too.  Dry sandwiches with ultra sweet cakes & pastries.  However this does not affect the overall rating since I am rating based on the hotel itself.  If you ever get to stay at this hotel, make sure to check out their Spa.  Its definitely worth paying the top amount money to use the facilities.  JP in the Men section was the best spa attendant I have ever seem in years.
I don't understand all the negative comments about this place.  Services are good, seats are comfortable, and the best of all, the foods are GREAT here!I often find Vegas restaurants overpriced.  This restaurant, tends to be on the pricey side too but if you know where to get the coupon, it can be one of the best hidden secret on Las Vegas Blvd, and they open 24 hours (However, coupon only works from 4pm to midnight daily).I tried many of their dishes, from breakfast items, famous Reuben Sandwiches with Marble Bread (Yummy), Grilled Ribeye steak, Fried Honey Chicken...All of them exceeded my expectation.  The Best food here, however is their Chinese food. I always came dinner/midnight hours so your experience may varied.  Their Asian (Chinese) food are AWESOME.  I came from LA, which is known to have tons Asian/Chinese restaurants.  This place, oh man, beats 90% of the restaurants in LA area.  Its SO GOOD.  Their Roast Duck, Fried Rice, Singapore Noodle, Chicken Lettuce Wrap.   YUMMM... I wish we can have a place that serve this type of quality Chinese food in LA!Please try this place out, its worth a visit!
Its really good, I was doubtful because of its location and because there are so many choices in Las Vegas and wow, this place is amazing.  I know the line is long but its definitely worth the 1 hour-ish wait.  After our first try, we came here three night in a row to have more of the amazing food.This is definitely nothing fancy as Guy Savoy, but it is definitely authentic Southern style seafood.  I love this type of no frill food joint.  Just good food without the expensive tag.  During our visits, I tried most of the items on the menu.First off, you get to pick level 1 to 10 for your food's spicyness.  I go for 1 or 0 simply because I dont' like spicy food.The dinner roll is complimentary, and it is the standard sourdough roll, served warm with butter.Their Clam Chowder is actually not that good, too powdery taste. I don't know why others liked it, I didn't.  Not enough clam in it too.  I like Boudin's Clam Chowder better when compare to similiar level.Their Bouillabaisse is good, you can choose between rice or noodle, it is tomato based soup with all of the seafoods (Lobster, Crab, Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Fish..etc), which is their #2 signature item.#1 most popular item is their combo roast.  It is thicker in terms of broth, but it goes really well with rice.  You get to pick your favorite toppings but combo roast comes with shrimp, crab, and lobster, which is better in my opinion than the Palace Roast (with chicken).  Its little bit spicy for me but the bold taste of the seafood is one of the best I had for years.My personal favorite goes to the Shrimp Scampi with Pasta.  Its the clam soup with melted butter and loads of tiger shrimp.  Its so heavenly.  I would order extra noodle next time when I go to satisfy my crave.Tip: There's no tip as in when the lines will be shorter, its really your luck but the chef really matters alot.  Even the materials/ingredients are all the same, but chef really made the difference.  During our 3 visits, this fat chef whose always happy did the best job.  His shrimp scampi is out of this world yet another chef always seems piss at something...did a very sloppy job, my scampi was dry and soup-less.  Good luck waiting and don't lose too much money on slots while waiting in line!
I second Rod U's review. This is certainly the best restaurant in Las Vegas. Not your typical California Roll/Philadelphia Roll place. No All You Can Eat.  All you get is pure high quality freshest fish delivered fresh from Japan onto table without paying the astronomical prices.If you like Americanized/Korean style sushi, don't come here.  If you are into AUTHENTIC Edomae sushi, come here.  I usually do not recommend people to try Omakase but here I highly suggest people ordering Omakase so that way you can let the chef introduce you the rare fishes from Japan.The food itself is gorgeous.  From the cutting and display you can tell the owner have very high expectation with the overall presentation.  The food itself did not disappoint.  The proportion between sushi rice and fish were good and the rice were perfectly seasoned so it did not overpower the taste of fish.If you have any questions with the fish on menu, feel free to ask the chef.Reservation is highly recommended.
Seriously all airports in USA should take a lesson from Airports in Canada.  Clean, Spacious, Bright, everything is clearly marked, and FREE WIFI (YES LAX , I MEAN YOU).Easy ground transportation options to everywhere in the city for a reasonable price and do come VERY often.The Sheraton across the street is very nice place to stay too.  I love Canada!
50% Discounts for Locals + Elite Line for Total Rewards 7 Stars, Diamond & Platinum members  = big bargin for us.However, the food, SUCKS :PThey do have huge selections for the buffet but the ones that are worth eating are very , very few.If you are looking for something to fill your stomach up, this is the place to go.   but if you want something tasty? I would go other placesThey do have seafood (Crab legs, Shrimp Cocktails), Noodle Bars (Asian Noodles), Mogolian Beef ( I like the Mogolian Shrimp the most).  and some craved station, italian pasta stations..etc  Desserts have good spread but it all tasted like supermarket quality type of food. If you have buffet of buffets pass, you should come to try it out to see what's the hype about.  If not, it doesn't worth all the drive over there.
Love this local spot! It has a great atmosphere during the week with great music, free wifi, and very kid/baby friendly. Great place to meet up for lunch or a coffee. On the weekend it's much busier. They have great brunch options and mimosas or other indulgences (local beer and wine). Their roasted chicken sandwich is so great that I'm not even tempted to try anything else though it all looks delicious. Can't recommend this place enough.
Not worth the wait. We went on a Sunday morning for brunch. We were quoted a 30 minute wait and ended up waiting 50 minutes. The food was ok but the service was slow, the place was crammed with more people waiting for a table than those seated and the restaurant has an awkward layout. We had high hopes for this new place in the neighbourhood, but sadly think it's popularity will fizzle and unclear it will survive if they don't get their act together.
I love this place. A great place to get a quick and affordable mani/pedi. They do a great leg or hand massage with your service. I've never done the waxing but I hear it's great. It's busy after work so there can be a wait which is frustrating but on the weekend or at off times you are in and out quickly (but not too quickly). Great selection of OPI and Cuccio colours. They also have gelish and shellac.
Last day in Vegas so figured that Vegas has a lot of good Italian since there not much back home. Through yelp, found this place. Gave it a try. It was lunch hour when we arrived so the restaurant was busy. We had spaghetti meatballs, rigatoni and I ordered crazy alfredo. While waiting for our order we were served with garlic breads. It was unusual as it was the first. Normally restaurants would give you a plain bread with butter or some kind of dipping while waiting. Loved loved the garlic breads. It was cut into a bite sized and it was yummy and crispy. Not long afterwards came our menu. Mine sure look a lot lol...it's crazy alfredo with chicken, bell peppers, shrimp minus the sausage. It was rich and creamy...gosh....I'm in pasta heaven...it sure a class of its own. Kudos for the chef who cooked my yummy pasta. Halfway I was full but I know I gotta finish and savor it as I won't be able to taste it again in the near future. So I made it and licked the plate clean. Before we left we ordered cannoli. It's been a while since we had it in New York and yeah a big giant cannoli answered our prayer. It was filled with chocolate chips on one side and pistachios on the other. It was enough to fill all of us. Yeah...we left with a full belly and happy smilesThank you Vegas for the great food we had it beat all that expensive buffets that being served everywhere in those casinos esp bellagio. They got a very bland Asian dishes. Only good for steak and desserts...urrgghhh...
Came hare couple of nights earlier when i was in vegas . Was looking for an italian restaurant to try and wahla....found this one on yelp. The price seems reasonable and it has good review. Anyway, my yelp searches based mostly on my intuition of the pictures sent by the reviewers. Like how Andrew Zimmermern said it "if it looks good, eat it" so yeah...When we came the restaurant was basically empty and only had one table occupied. Heard it was a slow week in Vegas. We were greeted by the server who was nice and friendly. Was shown couple of "extra menu" and menu of the day together with the pricing. Great we dont want to eat and suddenly got blinsided with the price that left us in debt for the rest of the month. After much consideration, i choose Squid ink pasta with sauteed shrimp and squid...sounds good to me.While waited, we were given 2 huge breadsticks with a dipping of marinara sauce and a goat cheese. It dint take long before we got our order. It looks yummy...yum yum...and as i took my first bite, its indeed was delicious! tell you, this is my first time trying squid ink pasta as they are very rare for you to see part of the menu on any so called italian restaurant and gosh...this pasta was something else. They cooked it al dente..has a nice bite to it and the lobster sauce was creamy and tasted delicious together with the shrimp and squid they had a good chew to them. I was enjoying my dinner every minute of it..knowing this will be my first and last before i leave vegas.Like i said, service was great, the server would asked me and my partner if they was anything we need and i felt i being acknowledged. Most of the times they would just ignored me and would just asked my partner as if im invisible. Here's the tip for all the server out there, it might seems you guys forgot whose the boss here haha....my partner might be paying the meal but im the one who made the decision where to eat. so if i dont like your service you guys probably wont get our business in the future haha....anyway, the dinner was out of this world and we left happy with all that was offered and here's the thing with so much restaurants to choose from on the strip there are alot of italian restaurants that are pretty reasonable in price and still has a damn great menu. Im definitely will come back to this place again the next time im in vegas.
Retail Therapy!!I'm not much of a high end shopper, but this was a Great place for a little r&r....  Aveda was raising money and offering mini facials/massages.   you can use the info booklet to get another coupon book for some free goodies and extra discounts.  We cashed in on the free water, free beauty samples and discount coupons for some great clothes. There was a fashion show near the Apple store-free WiFi and a show, SWEET.  Also some good basic grub at the food court is available at reasonable prices for being near the strip.
Cute shop, like the shirts/aprons. Samples available!  I liked the "good morning" cupcake  :-)  try it!  very nice designs.
What a fantastic spot to grab a meal. I got the Bloody Mary and meatloaf. Every ingredient in the Bloody Mary was perfect. Extra crispy celery. Briny olives. Crispy thick bacon. YUM. Meatloaf was excellent.
I was here about a month ago and it was certainly alright. I went with family for a grad night dinner. I had a pretty good eggplant parm while my grandmother had the butter-squash ravioli I believe. My grandmother remarked it was a bit sweet for her and upon trying it, I thought it was tasty but on the sweet side to be sure. But speaking of which, the cheesecake was the dessert I ended up ordering. Interestingly it came in a jar which I accepted as a neat, novel little thing. However the berries were more present than any other flavor in the dessert. I ended up getting lots of tart not so much rich creaminess you might expect from a cheesecake. Service was good but I still wish the berries didn't end up taking over what was my final impression of the meal.
I came here last year and wanted to write a review as an attest to the quality and a reminder so I never forget where it is. I stopped by with family because I was visiting my brother at the nearby university when we dropped by here. I believe I had a pizza with arugula and fig jam? I'm always about Chicago-style pizza so coming east is always a bit out of my pizza comfort zone, but this was okay. I was more reminded of California style pizzas with heavy experimentation especially seeing as truffle oil + fig jam on a pizza would get you crucified in Chicago. But to me the star was the cheesecake. It was a vanilla bean cheesecake that I truly didn't expect to be much. Rarely do you find a restaurant with cheesecake that knocks you off your feet but the cheesecake here was the best I've EVER had. It was incredible. My first bite left me stunned and my jaw literally dropped. This lead to my family mocking me but wow was their cheesecake good. I want to come back to Pittsburgh just for this cheesecake alone. I have to pick up a full cake. It has to happen.
Absolutely horrendous. Pasta was soaked in oil, never the less the fact that it was made with artificial crab. Will never come back.
I came here with a friend for the first time yesterday, and the food is amazing. Since I'm part French, I had pretty high expectations for this place, and I wasn't disappointed. I ordered the chicken and wild mushroom crpes as well as the banana flamb crpes. Both tasted absolutely amazing! The banana flamb wasn't that sweet either which is a good thing. The prices aren't too bad, but I do think it's worth it for how delicious the food is.The customer service was alright. I made a reservation at 1 on a Saturday and it was completely packed in there. When they seated us, they forgot to lay out the silverware. Our waitress seemed snobby and slightly rude at first, but she got much nicer afterwards. I don't know if it was a coincidence or not, but I felt like they didn't pay attention to us as much as the other customers. Parking was horrific. There wasn't a single space in front of the restaurant. I ended up parking near the movie theater. The walk wasn't too long, but it was extremely cold that day, so it was painful. And I ended up getting sick.
I can't decide if I like this place or not. I'm Vietnamese, so I don't usually eat out at Viet restaurants cause I can make it at home. I've been here several times and I swear the portions just get smaller and smaller and smaller. It's not enough for me at all. I've never been to a restaurant where the portions were this tiny. As for the food, it's very authentic Viet cuisine. It's well cooked and well seasoned. I've never eaten anything that tasted bad here.Can't say the same for the customer service. There was this really short middle aged man who I'm assuming is the owner. He was extremely rude to the waiters when they would come to him and ask something. He prob assumed I'm not Viet but I understood everything he said. As for the waiters, it was hard to get their attention. I had to wait 10 min for them to come over after I was done eating. Some of the waiters also made me feel uncomfortable I didn't like the way they seemed to scrutinize me. If you're in the area and craving Viet food, do yourself a favor and go to Vietnam Grille about 3 min away.
I've never eaten at a Mediterranean restaurant before. I had very high expectations for this place, but it fell pretty flat. The chicken kebab was alright it was a little too dry for my taste. Same goes for the falafel. I have no idea what the white sauce that came with the order was, but it tasted amazing with the falafel. The rice that came with the kebab was also very very very dry I had a hard time swallowing it. Shrimp kebab, French fries, and the fatush salad were amazing esp the salad. Customer service was bad. The waitress with too much lipstick was slow and lazy. She was rude too she didn't even bother to greet me or anything. Not even a smile. The dude with the beard that gave me my food took forever and didn't even hand it to me. I also ordered the baba ganoush which they ran out of and didn't even bother to call to tell me!!!!! I'm very pissed off by their service and I felt very uncomfortable the 5 min I was there. The service is why I'm never coming back here. Unless they fire that waitress.
I finally tried the buffet here a few weeks ago and wow. I hate buffets and I would never eat at one yet I decided to go for it since I love their regular menu so much. Plus, it was a way for me to sample a lot of Indian dishes that I haven't had a chance to try yet. It's the best buffet I've ever been to. It's $11 and completely worth it. This place is the best restaurant in the University area, and it's also now one of my top 3 fav restaurants in Charlotte. The staff are very polite and nice. Great customer service. And it's cheaper than other Indian restaurants in Charlotte. The decor is very pretty as well.
I went on a Saturday evening and the place was completely packed. Our waitress was all over the place and it was hard to get her attention. She was disorganized and actually forgot to give us our bill. Prob one of the worse customer service I've had at a restaurant. The food itself was pretty disappointing. I ordered the miso soup, Pennsylvania sushi, and orange chicken. Miso soup was extremely salty. The Pennsylvania roll has raw fish in it even though it wasn't specified on the menu. Orange chicken was also a little too salty and wayyyy too hard. The pieces were too big as well and there was barely any broccoli. Needless to say, I ain't going back. Don't waste your time eating here.
I thought this place closed down, but it was only temporary. Needless to say, their food didn't improve with the reopening and it's still way too overpriced ($25 per person). I normally hate buffets anyway and this one was no exception. I used to go here when I was a little kid, but now I'm never gonna go back here ever again.
I used to get delivery from here all the time when I lived in the dorm rooms at UNCC without a car. It was basically my only Chinese option since not a lot of places in that area have delivery. The rice here is REALLY dry and always tastes more than a day old. Besides the rice, the food is alright. Sometimes it's good and sometimes it's average. The chicken wings are prob the best thing I've had from this place. Or any place actually. Sesame tofu and sesame chicken is ok but the sesame tofu tastes better. The lo mein is extra greasy but very tasty. If you call to order your food, the lady might sound rude and have a hard time understanding you. But after meeting her in person, she's really sweet and understands me very well. She's just not a phone person so don't be put off when you first talk to her on the phone.
My family used to come here quite a number of times when I was little. I recently came back here since I remember my family talking about how good the food here is. The decor is gorgeous they put a lot of effort into it. Can't say the same for the quality of the food. The prices of the food is reasonable and it looks really good. It also tasted very good especially the lo mein. However, the first time I came back here, my tummy felt a little queasy after eating the food. I thought it might have to do with something else and not the food here, but then I came here a second time. I ended up having very bad food poisoning the second time and I'm positive it's because of the food here. I have no idea what their sanitary rating is but God I am never coming back here.
I randomly went here when my friend and I were hanging out at the Boardwalk. I got the Kung Pao chicken and it was pretty terrible. I had to force myself to finish it. The rice was cooked well at least and the sauce wasn't too bad. The waiter that got my order ready for takeout was completely hitting on me, but he was really nice and quick with my order. Good service but bad food. After that terrible Kung Pao tofu, I never came back.
I always go here for lunch. The prices are reasonable and the portions are pretty good. Prob my most favorite restaurant in South Charlotte. All their chicken dishes are amazing especially the Szechuan chicken. The sushi tastes fresh as well. And I love that they have the all you can eat sushi buffet during lunch.
I went here with my boyfriend for the first time a few weeks ago and we ended up going there 3x in the same week. Lang Van is a pretty popular restaurant here in the Queen City, but I never bothered to go since there's already 3 Vietnamese restaurants within 5 min where I live. I'm not a huge fan of pho, but the pho here is one of the best I've had. The broth is very flavorful. However, the portion was really small and there was barely any meat (all Viet restaurants do this though). I didn't like the com tam very much there was nothing special about it. The staff are very nice and attentive; they all remembered my boyfriend and me when we kept coming back and could recall what we ordered. One of the waitresses did mess up our order the last time, but the owner gave us a small discount so it was alright. The main negative about this place is the parking. There's barely any spaces to park in especially during their busy hours, so I always avoid going here during dinner.
My parents dragged me here for lunch after our trip to Ikea. I really hate buffets so I didn't expect much at all. And I was right. This place was terrible. The majority of the food here is defrosted. I don't get why anyone would want to eat here. For $13 per person, you can order about 2 dishes for a lunch special at a much better and cleaner Chinese restaurant that's not a buffet.
They have a 15% student discount here, so that's more of a incentive to eat at this place. Their portions are reasonable for the prices but not as big as Azteca. However, I do prefer this restaurant over Azteca even though Azteca is probably the most popular Mexican place around here. I always get the enchiladas here, and I think it tastes so much better than the Azteca one. I also like that it comes with a salad which Azteca doesn't do. I'm surprised by the low rating at this place, but it seems like it's from the customer service and not the food. However, I've never had a bad experience here.
I ordered around 9 at night and waited about an hour and a half for my food. I called to check the status and she rudely said it was on its way. I called again and she said they still have to send it out and when I tried talking further, the lady answering calls hung up on me. The service is awful for food that is okay.
I am from out of state...here for rock climbing in Red Rocks. My car was extremely dirty inside from the gravel and dirt and dog hair, so I decided to try to get a quick wash to vacuum and wipe out the car.When I arrived, the lady checking my car in said it would take 20 minutes. I agreed because I was in a very big rush.Obviously, we know where this is going. The wash took more than double that time. I am literally still here watching a customer fight with an employee about something wrong. They have 5 staff members trying to get 15 cars wiped down. After 40 minutes of waiting, I left without getting a wipe down. Annoyed and frustrated. No tip for the young kids they staff unsupervised outside for wipedowns. Sorry.They need better staffing, better training and try to be better at your expected wait time.
In town for a weekend visit with the SO. We stayed over a holiday weekend.I personally did not check in but the lobby was very pretty. The marble flooring was beautiful but I have mixed feelings for the chandeliers. They are nice but old fashioned to me.The Trump lounge area was a nice area to sit and have some snacks or drinks. A lot of comfy couches, tables and a bar. Again, the decor was tired to me...too much of a 70's or 80's feel mixed in with traditional furntiure. They should stick to one theme...get rid of those awful lighting fixtures.We had a room on the 35 floor in a one bedroom suite...he swung an upgrade somehow. The room was nice and came with a small kitchen, including a full sized fridge, microwave and stove. No dishes or utensils came with the kitchen but you can call housekeeping to deliver everything you need.The room came with 2 bathrooms. The living room bathroom had a shower only. I actually used this bathroom more than the other due to a strong head cold to steam myself when feeling sick. The master bathroom was very large with a nice, jetted soaking tub, a dual head shower and a separate closed off area for the toilet. I wasn't a fan of the sliding door for the bathroom though. The bedroom was well appointed and we took use of the dual wardrobes to hang our clothing. Not much drawer space but fine for us for the weekend. The living room had an L-shaped couch and a very large media built in unit. If you needed storage space, you'd have it in that thing.The TV'S were horrendous....couldn't get a channel to work without freezing or getting those satellite lines. The channel selection was probably the worst I've seen in a hotel in a long time....probably only 20 channels available total. One lamp didn't work when we checked in, but I changed the light bulbs around on two lamps to make it work again.The telephone in the living room did not work as well...we could only use that phone if we used the speaker phone.We had room service for one night. I had the basil, tomato pizza (meh), SO had salmon (he didn't finish it I don't think) and the chips with guac. I give everything a 2 out of 5...I would have given 3 if the prices had matched the taste.I liked how the hotel was smoke free and casino free. It made it much quieter and kind of a getaway in the hectic strip. Don't know if I was impressed enough to stay again.Let's be honest here...I only booked because it was smoke free and Trump is taking a hit because he is so unlikable right now which drove the price down substantially. We basically got the room for a very discounted price. Next time, we'll prob book another hotel though.
This review is admittedly late. My dog, Maddie, was a patient of Todd's practice for many years before I moved back to California.He is a very nice man with a good demeanor. I never felt as if he were trying to sell me on stuff or upcharge, which I appreciated.I'll admit that the office is a little crowded and the doc himself is laid back (I once saw a big stain on his shirt...of what? I think food but maybe fluid) but it's part of the small town, local business charm.Don't know if he would still have them, but loved the kittens and those white Labradors the office! The ONLY reason I would knock off a star was because one time, when I was in the waiting room, a gentleman came in to inquire about his animal (not sure what, just said the name) and Todd told him the animal had died and they sent him to cremation. In the same breath, he wouldn't accept payment (at least I think that's what happened) from the man. He then went on to ask him about a hobby the man enjoyed....I'm torn. 1/2 star off for not taking him into a room to deliver the news privately. 1 star back for not charging the services rendered. But, 1/2 star off for just casually chatting when the gentleman was clearly in distress. After my appt, I went home and cried while telling my dog she was forbidden to grow any older....she never listens to me. Old miss winter now.
1st off: to the review posted 28 days before this...are you kidding?? You complain everything here is "fake meat#?!?!?!? It's funny and incredibly ironic that you obviously know yelp but even better that you actually review the restaurant afterward complaining it's fake meat! Maybe you should use yelp to gain insight on the restaurant before you go rather than using yelp to complain about a place that only serves "fake meat". What is wrong with people?!? Very cute restaurant is a strip mall in an Asian district (we saw thai, Japanese and Chinese places). We found this place on yelp and decided to try it out as me and the SO are vegetarians. The restaurant is hard to see up on the 2nd floor from the parking lot entrance...We ordered pick up and it was already waiting for us when we got there. Price was great for the amount of food we got. Sweet and sour chicken had some odd chewy pieces (maybe trying to replicate real chicken dishes?) General tso's wad great as well as the spring rolls. Food was hot and well packaged to go. Restaurant had super cute decor.Lady who helped us was really nice.Knocked that 1 star off because of the chewy pieces in the sweet and sour (about 10% of them) but we will be back.I'd recommend...good vegetarian cuisine with cheap prices and good ambience.
Have never heard of Lush before today. I came in with my boyfriend and wasn't sure about what the store was about. Then Jaxy approached and was so helpful! She explained what most of the products were and how to use them. I am now in love with Lush! I love how the company is so Eco-friendly and how they use quality ingredients. Thanks again Jaxy for the great customer service!
So much fun in a small package. We enjoyed our visit so much ... I love the addition of games. What a great place to hang out.
Decided to take a small vecation to las vegas.  The hooters hotel was an all right choice.  The rooms aren't all that great.  The elevators are very slow,but its not like you will be staying in the room while there.  The good side of this casino is that the odds of you winning are better then other casinos (6 to 2 ).  They have a pool area with two large pools and conecting outdoor bar.  For those that like to keep in shape and active, the hotel also has a indoor gym with the news workout equipment.  But the best perk is getting the free rewards card and using it to accumulate points which in return can be used to by hooters Mech, or eat free into hooters restraunts
The sister and I were looking for a brunch place to stop in and found this place on yelp. The line was crazy long. We waited over an hour before we got ourselves a booth. We took this as a good sign for some good eating. Our server was very friendly and funny. He took care of us well even though it was a full house.CRISPY SALMON- fresh salmon cornmeal friend on a wheat bun with lettuce, tomato, and red onion all trimmed with chili mayo, served with friesThe sister ordered this and I was disappointed with the way it tasted. It was bland. The salmon was overcooked and dried. I was hoping for it to retain its moisture, but sadly it was so dry and flavorless that one bite was enough for me. The fries weren't flavored nor were they crisp. Overall this dish was a disappointment and disgusting.GRIDDLED FRENCH TOAST- dipped in a banana cinnamon cream with pecans and maple syrup, served with eggs and potatoesThe french toast was a bit chewy and didn't have much flavor on its own, but when eaten with the banana there was some sweetness.  The potatoes were dry and unseasoned, but liked that they didn't overcook the eggs. The cinnamon cream was my favorite part of the whole dish. It was light and creamy.I'm going to give this place a second try because it was crazy packed and I know people don't stand in line for mediocre food. I will be returning and ordering other things. Don't fail me again!
Eating at the one in Bellagio wasn't enough. I had to come here and eat some more! It looked so cute here as well. It felt more spacious here than at the Bellagio. They had the same pastries for the same prices, but there was no line. TIRAMISU- coffee kahlua biscuit, mascarpone mousse, and chocolate pearlsThis was one of the best tiramisu I've ever had. I really like the taste of the coffee kahlua. It added a nice liqueur flavor. The mascarpone mousse was smooth and light. I especially found the chocolate pearls so delightful because they added a nice crunch in contrast to the smoothness of the mousse. I definitely recommend coming here if you want the same pastries for no wait. It's literally in the casino area of Aria; so you could either people watch or partake in the gambling as well.
I love going to aquariums and I wasn't expecting much, but even this place was below my expectations. For the price, it's totally not worth the visit. There's a line and then when you get through the doors and into the aquarium itself, there's nothing to see. The aquariums at smaller cities even offer more. There's nothing about this aquarium that made it stand out to any other aquarium I've been to. It's small and the animals are so common. If I knew my experience was going to be like this, I would've rather look up pictures online and stare at those instead of paying money to come here.It was way to disappointing! Save your money and use it elsewhere because this place is so not worth the time or the money.
My boyfriend and I were looking up sushi places back at the hotel and decided to go to this one because of the high reviews. I've never been to an all you can eat sushi place before, but I've had some real good high quality sushi and a lot of yelpers said they have fresh sushi; so I had to give them a try.It was near midnight and there were a few groups. We didn't have to wait, we sat at the sushi bar. I was real excited for the AYCE menu. We ordered a variety of sushi and sushi rolls. The sushi didn't taste fresh and the rice was hard and dry. It tasted as if they used regular rice instead of sushi rice. The sushi rolls were nothing spectacular. They were very simple and was not worth it.I don't think I do very well at AYCEs. I was expecting really fresh fish, but they didn't deliver on quality. I'm beginning to think Las Vegas restaurants are overhyped. I've been to a few with high reviews, but they've only disappointed.For the same price I could eat a simpler, but fresher sushi meal elsewhere. Our server was friendly and attentive, but the sushi chefs looked arrogant and rude. They didn't talk to us much and we ordered some sushi rolls from them, but they didn't seem happy and even frowned as us. For some reason, I don't usually give second chances if my experience was horrible, but I want to come back when I'm in town; so I can see what this place has to offer. Perhaps it was a mishap, perhaps they do suck. Only a second visit will tell.
My first visit to Las Vegas was almost like a culture shock. I highly enjoyed my stay here and the first place I stopped to grab something to eat was Olives. My boyfriend has gone here before and wanted me to try it out. Our server was very friendly, but he disappeared every now and then. I didn't hold it against him because it was really packed that day.PAN SEARED ATLANTIC SALMON- wild rice, sauted asparagus, cognac beurre blanc, and micro insalataThis dish was flavorful and fresh. I liked the sear on the salmon, it added a nice crisp and sweetness to the fish and the beurre blanc was very savory and creamy. The wild rice was a bit plain. It tasted bland. When eaten with the salmon, it was okay, but I only wish for it to have a little more flavor.STEAK FRITES- grilled flat iron, tuscan fries, port glaze, and frisee greensThis dish wasn't all that great. The steak was a bit dry and tough. The port glaze was the best thing about this dish, but there was only a little spread on the plate. I really liked the greens because it added a nice refreshing earthy taste to the steak. The fries could've been seasoned better because they just tasted like regular potatoes.BANANA TIRAMISU- banana mascarpone cream, banana cake, chocolate sauce, and kahlua sabayonThis was the best dish during the whole dining experience. I have an obsession with tiramisu and have never tried a banana tiramisu. It was divine! It was so creamy and moist. I could really taste the bananas, but they weren't overwhelming. You could still taste the tiramisu and the liqueur. It felt so light; yet so rich with flavor.Olives really provided a nice view of the Bellagio fountain and you could see the other casinos on the strip. I would come here again if I came back to Vegas.
This was our last spot before heading back to the airport. We drove about 30 mins to get here and I was expecting something amazing because of the high reviews. Yelp you failed me! Our server was very friendly, but she took forever to get our orders. We both ordered the PHO DAC BIET and it was nothing special. The broth wasn't flavorful and tasted bland. The meat was chewy and didn't taste fresh. Did I get bad luck and go on the wrong day? It can't be that everyone was wrong. Nevertheless, I won't be coming back to try my luck again. I'm sure there are other pho restaurants that can be more consistent and more flavorful.
One of the few restaurants in Vegas that lived up to its hype. My boyfriend and I wanted to find a nice italian restaurant and came here for lunch. The interior decor is romantic and has a modern rustic italian vibe. We were immediately seated by the hostess and our server came to explain the menu to us. He was very knowledgeable, friendly, and professional. CARPACCIO DI MANZO- thinly sliced prime sirloin, arugula salad, shaved parmigiano cheese, and truffle oilOur server recommended this appetizer and it was amazing! The meat was sliced so thinly and it was so fresh and I loved the earthiness of the arugula and the creaminess of the cheese. The truffle oil added a nice creamy and savory touch to the dish. The lemon was a nice addition to the meat as well because it provided a nice tangy acidity. SPAGHETTI VONGOLE E POMODORINI- homemade spaghetti with clams, olive oil, garlic and cherry tomatoesThis dish was very fresh. There were plenty of clams and the spaghetti was cooked perfectly. I only wished that there was more flavor. The olive oil didn't provide much flavor and I tasted a hint of garlic. The cherry tomatoes added a nice sweetness to the dish, but it wasn't enough to coat the whole dish. SALMONE GRIGLIATO ALLA CHECCASalmon grilled with Fresh Tomatoes, Basil, Fresh Garlic and Kalamata OlivesThis dish was very flavorful and saucy. I especially liked the home made sauce and the cherry tomatoes because it added an extra layer of acidity. The salmon was cooked nicely and tasted very buttery and tender. The rigatoni pasta was soft and flavorful.TIRAMISU- classic italian dessert made with lady fingers, mascarpone cheese & espressoThis dish came out beautifully and it tasted as great as it looked. It was creamy and moist and I especially liked the strong espresso flavor. The lady fingers were soft and soaked up all the flavor and the mascarpone cheese was so creamy.i definitely want to come back here when I'm in town. They have such great service, the food is fantastic, and it's such a cute place to go to on a date.
I really like that this hotel doesn't have a casino. Why? Because it's not overly crowded and doesn't smell like cigarettes. The lobby area is smaller than most hotels, but it didn't take away from the modern and clean feel that the hotel exudes.The check-in was painless and quick. When we got into our room, it was spacious and very clean. The only negative thing I have to say about this hotel is that their bath tubs are really small and uncomfortable. I would've preferred a comfier bathroom. The toilet was placed across from the shower and it seemed cramped. I didn't like the set up.The plus is that it's connected to other casinos through a bridge walkway and located near the middle of the strip; so it's close to everything. The wifi here is free and the connection is not as bad as other hotels. I would recommend staying here if you want a clean, smoke-free hotel, but if you're looking for a party-like atmosphere then you're better off at another place.
The first night we landed in Vegas, my sister and I were wandering the strip together and decided to grab a late dinner here. It was near midnight, but it was pretty packed when we got here. Our server was friendly and took care of us well even though she disappeared from time to time.CHICKEN LETTUCE WRAPS- minced sauteed chicken breast and vegetables in an asian sauce served with cool lettuce wrapsThis dish didn't taste that flavorful to me. The sauteed chicken breast had a weird flavor. It didn't taste asian at all. The chicken was dry and all the flavor combos didn't complement each other. It was so strange and not even in a complex interesting way.GRAND FRIED CALAMARI- with fried rock shrimp, zucchini and onions served with dipping saucesThe batter on the calamari wasn't even crispy. The calamari was soggy and chewy. The dipping sauces were nothing spectacular. They just added some much needed saltiness to the dish. Like the one star says, "eek! Methinks not." I'll pass. I guess I'll stick to eating casino chips because I have yet to find a really good restaurant on the strip.
My second visit to Vegas and we stayed at Caesars Palace. When we arrived, it took us over an hour to check in because the people at the counter took forever! When we finally got our room, we found out that there were already people staying there. Their luggage was on the floor! Imagine people walking into your hotel room and who knows if they take anything.. you'll never be able to find out who it is! So unorganized and dangerous. The people at the front desk upgraded us to another room, but it wasn't even the type of room we originally booked so they upgraded us to a third room. You're on your 3rd strike Caesar!The view from our window was nice and I did like the bath tub. It was big enough to fit 2 people and it was a jacuzzi, which is very nice and relaxing after you walked all over the strip. The bathroom was a very nice size and very spacious. The sleeping area was clean.I wouldn't mind booking with Caesars again, but there are so many hotels out there worth giving a try and I'm sure they're more organized when it comes to booking our rooms.
This is the most iconic area of Vegas. Movies have been shot here, photos have been taken, and it's so Vegas! I prefer the fountains during the day because it's more beautiful with the bellagio hotel in the background and the beautiful water shines so brightly in the sun.During the night music will play and the fountains would match the beat of the song. If you seen one segment then you've seen them all. The water goes various heights and speed. It gets packed at night because everyone wants to film and take pictures in this area while the fountains are in progress. I tend to avoid this area during that time because it's just a more grandiose version of other fountains I've seen before. It's definitely something to see when you're in Vegas, but I wouldn't waste time to see it every time I'm here. I'm okay with seeing it once and never again.
I've been waiting for this to open up since I first saw them building it! My sister and I were able to make it when they first opened and we were really excited. We bought tickets ahead of time for the evening. There wasn't many people, but there was a line.I like that you can see the strip and it even pauses once you reach the top so you can enjoy the view. The pod is huge! It can hold so many people, but lucky for us it was just my sis and I and one older couple. We technically had the pod all to ourselves. I definitely recommend buying tickets and taking a ride on the high roller because you can see such a nice view and take some great pics of Vegas too.
After watching Gordon Ramsay on his shows, I had to come and try out this place myself. There was a line and we waited about under an hour. There's a huge menu outside; so it's good to get a glimpse of what they have to offer so you don't have to wait and waste time once you've got a table.FISH AND CRISP SANDWICH- ale battered cod, salt and vinegar crisps, and fresh dill tartar sauceWhen I first saw it, it looked so good, but when I bit into it, it was bland and could've used more seasoning. The tartar sauce didn't do it much either. The cod tasted fresh, but lacked flavor. It had a nice crunch and consistency, but that was about it.HELL'S KITCHEN BURGER- asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, and oven roasted tomatoI liked this burger. It was perfectly cooked and juicy. It tasted like a typical burger, but a burger done right. There were no bold flavors that stood out, but if you're craving for a burger then I would recommend this one because you got the melted cheese, the heat from the peppers, the creaminess from the avocado and the acidic juicy tomato all with the perfectly cooked patty.CHANTERELLE BURGER- chanterelle mushrooms, arugula, and figgy-onion jamThis burger was earthy. The mushrooms and the arugula were very pre-dominant in this burger. I didn't enjoy it too much. It was okay, but a bit strong for my taste. The burger itself was not dry, but could've used more seasoning or another flavor profile.SWEET POTATO FRIES- vanilla powdered sugar, honey, and jalapeno mayoIf you love sweet potatoes then these fries are for you! These fries had a nice outer crisp and sweetness to it because of the powdered sugar. The jalapeno mayo didn't add much heat to the fries, but there are different layers of sweetness.BEER BATTERED MAUI ONION RINGS- parmigiano-reggiano, chipotle ketchup, and cheddar ranch dipI did not like the onion rings at all. They were so dry and almost flavorless. It says they use beer batter, but I didn't taste anything. What a huge disappointment! The serving was huge, but after one bite, it was left the way it was.TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES- hand cut fries, truffle parmesan, truffle salt, and truffle aioliYou could really taste the truffles in these fries. They had such a strong taste and I love it! You could smell it and definitely taste it. Truffle has such a crisp taste, but if you only put a little in it's very subtle; so they must have put a butt load because it was so strong.Overall, the burgers here were okay. I was expecting more flavors because of the price, but then again it is Vegas; so expect mediocre food for inflated prices.
My sister and I had a blast here. There were so many wax figures and we had the best time posing next to them all. There were plenty of people there, but everyone was cordial enough to move out of the frame when you're trying to take a picture. Some figures had people standing in line so that they could take a picture. I recommend looking for ticket deals or discounts because it can be expensive. If you're the type that likes to be interactive and take pictures then you'll spend quite a bit of time here, but if you're just going for a sight see then I definitely recommend finding it an interest soon because that's all there is.. a lot of rooms filled with wax figures. It's quite a sight. I enjoyed going. My sis and I had quite a few laughs with the photos we came up with, but I don't think I would go a second time. Once you see it once, I wouldn't have the patience to see it a second time. Take it all in while you can.
My first buffet! I really love the decor. Everything is so cute and floral. I love all the bright and vibrant colors. My boyfriend and I came here for dinner and it wasn't too packed. Every buffet has their own style and their own signature food. Here, it's the desserts. The various options that they have here are abundant, but nothing really stands out from other buffets except the freshness. The flavors are not overwhelming or wowing, but they do have some good things. I got a little bit of everything, from the pasta, meats, crabs, veggies, sushi, and desserts. It's a buffet! Time to splurge..
I get that this is part of the old Vegas and I wasn't expecting much, but it really isn't all that great. I'm glad I was able to experience it once, but one time is good enough for me. If I missed out on this next time I wouldn't mind nor would I feel disappointed.The screens above didn't show much. it was just random designs and ads. It was cool that all the lights went out just for that, but after I saw a few slides, I got bored real quick. The area was crowded with tourists and there was live music. Okay.. I'm good with the experience. On to the next attraction.
I was hoping for a great show.. something that would blow my mind, but all I saw was some old tricks that I've seen before elsewhere. His tricks weren't very innovative and I left disappointed. If the tickets were cheaper than it wouldn't have been so bad, but for the price that my sis and I spent, i was expecting something more extravagant. If you watch magic shows or magic tricks done by other magicians then you've pretty much seen it all. The tricks are all very similar to each other, but in different formats. Nothing too surprising. I wouldn't buy tickets to this show again. I'll use that money for food or to get tickets to other shows.
Thank goodness for the other location in Aria. The wait here is dreadful and long. The lines don't move fast enough especially when the line wraps around the beautiful displays of pastries. Such a tease! This shop is cuter in style than the one in Aria because it has the famous chocolate fountain, but it's smaller and more cramped.The first time I saw this little pastry shop it was love at first sight. Everything looked so darn cute, but there was always a line. The boyfriend and I decided to ride the line and after 20 mins we were able to make an order.EXOTIC CREPE- pineapple, mango, passion fruit, and coconut sorbetI was really surprised by the way the crepe came out at first because I was so used to the ones in Houston where the crepes are filled with all the fruits, but this crepe had all the fruits on top of the crepe instead of inside it. The crepe was a nice soft texture and the fruits provided a nice tart flavor. I liked the sweet creamy coconut sorbet most. CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIESThe strawberries weren't sweet, but sour and the chocolate was really sweet. The white chocolate was too sweet for my liking and the dark chocolate would've tasted better with the strawberry if the strawberry wasn't too sour. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll head over to Aria instead of waiting in the long lines here, but it doesn't hurt to look at all the pretty displays they have on the way out.
My second time in Vegas and my friend recommended us to go to the buffet at Cosmopolitan. My sis and I were standing in line for lunch and we made it in for the price of lunch, but we stayed for the dinner menu. I guess we got ourselves a discount? Either way, it was worth it. The interior looked modern with decor of abstract shapes spewed about on the ceiling and walls.The had a nice variety of food. My sister and I kept going back and grabbing more and more of everything. The quality of their food is very fresh as well and seasoned so perfectly. There was so much to choose from and we stayed there for almost 3 hours because we didn't want to leave. The only thing I didn't like here was the selection of desserts. There were few choices and it seemed like everything had to do with chocolate.Our server was so friendly and they were going through a shift change; so we got another server and she was so nice too! Everything transitioned so smoothly with the food and the service.
The boyfriend and I were walking around the strip and visiting every casino to see what the theme was and felt a bit hungry mid way and decided to grab some food while we were here because it was close by.I ordered a chicken sandwich and my boyfriend ordered a panini. They both were really dry and even though there was mayo in them they're weren't spread correctly; so a lot of bites were just of bread and chicken. The veggies were old and were beginning to wilt. It didn't taste fresh.We also ordered a cup of stracciatella gelato. It was good and creamy, but the consistency was a bit thin and was already melting even though it was in the freezer.For the prices, the food is not worth it. I would wait til dinner next time before I stop somewhere and eat something.
Upon entering, I noticed all the papers on the walls with signatures of famous kpop stars and korean celebrities. That was a good sign because I assumed that they visited and gave the a-ok. Our server wasn't very friendly and she ignored us a few times. She disappeared after she dropped everything off.The side dishes were nothing grand. There wasn't one that I liked in particular, but the potato salad and the greens were okay. I was disappointed in the kimchi. I wish it was more flavorful.We ordered 3 different types of meat, one pork and two beef. I've tasted better. There was nothing spectacular about these meats. They didn't taste fresh. I wish there was something more to it, but it was just slices of meat. If it was my first time I would've given 3 stars, but I've eaten at really good korean restaurants and this is not one of them. The service and the food are sub par; so I'll stick to the other restaurants.
Wtf driver refused to give me my 2 liter of soda when it was clearly on my receipt his excuse was oh sorry we are closed i forgot it and also didn't put any cheese on my CHEESE burger
We had just flown in from Atlanta and were staying close to the Toronto airport and wanted to grab a good meal and a beer at about 9:30pm. The immediate vicinity of the hotel looked pretty desolate, but the Wild Goose Bar & Grill looked promising.We were immediately impressed by the attentive, friendly staff and the cheery decor. We were also very pleased with the extensive menu that included veggie burgers, thai noodle bowls, pizza, vegetarian fajitas and other veg-friendly fare despite the fact that it was "wing night" and much of the traditional bar menu was targeted at meat eaters. The beer we had was quite nice (a nice amber ale from Creemore) and the food was better than we expected. We were also very pleased to discover that Wild Goose stayed open until 1:30am, so we had plenty of time to relax and enjoy the atmosphere.In all, I can't imagine you could do much better in the airport area especially if the hour is late. If we're ever in this neighborhood again, we'll definitely come back. Highly recommended.
Purchase my third car from them a couple weeks ago. I always tell skeptics that this is the place to go if looking for a used vehicle. I was in at 3 and out by 5:30. My  vehicle was transferred in from Cali (took only a couple days). My old vehicle was appraised a few days prior...so that helped to speed up the process of the trade. Andrew my salesman was very polite and didn't haggle or pressure me (that's why I love the process at carmax and this review in no way reflects the customer service he provided). The reason for the low review is because the finance guy (or "bank"...as he was referred too) questioned the validity of my paycheck stub that I brought. I was asked to print out another copy in the store or a copy of my bank statement to show I actually had the money in my account. I printed out another paycheck stub which was exactly the same print out I submitted. Although I brought in a cashiers check for my downpayment and the loan I chose was approved through Wells Fargo (although many other lenders also approved me). I didn't see the point of doing that if the loan was approved and I'm providing CERTIFIED FUNDS , not a personal check for the down  payment. In that moment I felt profiled, wondered if it was because I was a black female with salary that somehow seemed questionable to the "bank"(not Wells Fargo...but the guy Andrew handed my paycheck stub over to). In my previous purchases with carmax I NEVER had to print out an additional paycheck stub....IN THE STORE or show I had the money in my checking account when I'm giving them a CASHIERS CHECK. I felt completely insulted.
BED BUGS!!!! BED BUGS!!!! BED BUGS!!! this has been the absolute worst experience ever and Im writing this review in real time(new years day 2016.) I booked this room through hotwire and I immediately yelped it after I found out the name of the hotel.  I was extremely disappointed once I read the reviews..but realized I couldn't get a refund so I came prepared for the worse and that's exactly what I experienced. I checked in yesterday  (new years eve)...well this morning around 2 am I was awakened by a stinging and itching sensation on my forehead and hand. I jumped out of bed turned on the lights and realized I had been bit a few times. I immediately ripped the covers off the bed...and although I couldnt find anything crawling I did find skeletons of dead bedbugs!!!! To make an extremely long story short...I spoke to Joanie at the front desk who told me they could switch me to another room..I asked to be moved to another nearby location but of course they were all booked.  She gave me a plastic bag to put my clothes in and bring it down for them to wash(she said that's the hotels protocol). I returned to my room..showered...brought my clothes down..but I asked her to only put them in the dryer since some of my articles were dry clean only. She then informed me she didn't want to handle my clothes infear of ruining them(well there goes following protocol right?) Then I asked her what should I do with my belongings and she said she didn't know(although she previously quoted the "protocol"). What was even more alarming was that she informed me that not only was the manager(Tom )on vacation but so was the CLEANING CREW and NO room would be cleaned until the weekend was over...including rooms that guests will check out of later today.  She said those rooms would just not be available to book until Monday. UNBELIEVABLE!!!! I can't imagine all the filthy bed bug infested rooms that will be left unattended until the weekend is over! Sitting here at 3 am with every room in town booked is infuriating! !! Tonight I will be sleeping in my car and cutting my visit short by heading back home tomorrow.  I will be contacting the GM....ASAP demanding a refund
I NEVER write yelp reviews...but I must give bug KUDOS to genet.  My initial waxing with her was about a month ago. I found  a deal on groupon a d decided to give her a try.  To date it was the absolute BEST waxing experience I've ever had...not to mention her technique of using both hard and soft wax seemed to be more effective and lasted longer than any other wax I've gotten.   Today I went in for my maintenence wax and was out in less that 30 minutes and it was minimal discomfort.   If you are looking for a lasting waxing experience I HIGHLY recommend Genet!
Decent product. ..HORRIBLE service. Totally unprofessional.  Would NEVER spend one red cent here.  They almost ruined my wedding day....buyer beware!!!!
Beware!!!!! This has been the ABSOLUTE worst service experience. I brought my car in Saturday 6/24 due to a constant winding/squeaking noise I would hear when turning on my AC. I was called a couple hours later saying I needed belts replaced, AC system flushed and recharged and fuel injection cleaning. So I went ahead and agreed to allow them to repair...even told them to change the oil. I went and got my car 475 paid...and out the door. I drove 1.75 miles back home only to pull into the garage ..park...and hear the noise.  I immediately went back...spoke with George the manager and was told to bring it back in Monday morning. I return Monday...dropped off my car and got a call 7 hours later saying to pick it up. Another part had to be replaced but they wouldn't charge. George told me he was leaving for the day and if I had any problems to talk to Eric...so I happily pick up my car...drive back home only to AGAIN hear the noise once I parked. I returned back only to be told that I would need to leave my car so then can take a look. It is now a day later and I still DO NOT HAVE MY VEHICLE. I spoke with George who said they were going to replace the belts AGAIN! When asked if they knew for sure what was wrong...he replied that it could only be one of two issues...the belts or the pulleys. I then asked him if it were the belts...why would I only hear the noise when the AC is running? To that I got no reply...I asked if he checked the water pump...compressor...etc. and he again attempts to talk over me.  Lonnnnnng story short. I'm out almost 500 dollars and my car has not been repaired! TOTAL SCAMMERS. I just did a quick YouTube search of "compressor noise" and found a video of a car running making the EXACT SAME NOISE that I brought it in for .
Our server Raul was great! He was courteous..kept the refills coming without asking and was very friendly with my son.  Great service and great food is a winning combo!
First of all..I would have given this a 5 star if it hadn't been for them being understaffed and not prepared to handle a large party that was ahead of us. With that being said...the food was EXCELLENT! This place is a hidden gem. It's quite small and has very limited seating but  the ambience was very nice.  It's located in an industrial area and wedged in between a couple of run down businesses. Service was great...and the food was even better.  Very fresh and flavorful. You could taste the flavor profile in each dish. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!
Amy was our loan officer and I couldn't have asked for a better experience.  My husband and are first time home buyers and although I was familiar with the home buying process....I still felt a little worried about embarking on such a journey.  I'm still in disbelief at how EASY and stress free our experience was. We closed escrow in less than 30 days and were able to qualify for down payment assistance in addition to having sellers contribute closing costs.  Amy and her team were extremely friendly and we're  quick to respond to any questions. Despite previous reviews  I HIGHLY recommend Castle and Cooke.
This is my #1 favorite bar/restaurant in Vegas. Happy hour is truly the best. The bartenders really know their liquor history. The truffle Mac &Cheese is a must have along with the donuts.
Great burgers and outstanding live jazz on Saturday's. Love the old school vibe feels like a place that Sammy Davis or Frank Sinatra would hangout.
I loved this place the service I received was GREAT! I would definitely go back again. The Deep Fried Twinkie was amazing. The owner came to my booth/table and greeted me the staff was friendly and attentive
This was my first tattoo and Sweet T put me at ease and made me feel comfortable. The tattoo was perfect. Would highly recommend this shop.
The quality of this casino resort is subpar and is falling fast. The hotel is the only hotel in Las Vegas where they don't subscribe to"what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas". The hotel security are a bunch of Keystone want to be cops with the intelligence of a rock. STAY AWAY FROM THIS RESORT AND CASINO. The food quality is bad since the hotel pushed out master chef Michael Kornick, big mistake. There is virtually no energy and people in the casino.  With all of the alternative choices, there are many other options. I don't know what happened but since the change of ownership The Palms has gone from a cool hip hotel to a dud. I recommend finding an alternative hotel, I know I will.
Unbelievable customer service! Their product knowledge is terrific, and they helped my husband find boots that fit properly. The kind staff enjoy children and allowed them to play with their musical christmas decor. This may be the most pleasant shopping experience that I've had in my life. The store manager, Elizabeth treated us more like friends dropping in for a visit than a hard-to-fit case because my husband's feet are particularly wide. Shopping at this store was a wonderful experience; the staff provided exceptional customer service by remembering that customers are people that need assistance in making a good choice. I encourage you to visit this Red Wings store located in Concord
I've never had poutine until we came to Toronto! By far one of the best things I have ever eaten! I recommend the Merguez!
Went around 330am after a night out in the summer with my girlfriends and I was happy with the service and the fact they served breakfast at 330am made my drunk heart melt(almost cried that's how happy I was)We got lucky and got seating fairly fast, I ordered the buttermilk fried chicken and waffles. My friend ordered mac n cheese and wings. We shared both ordered a burger to go for some reason drunk us thought it would be a good idea. We lost it somewhere on the way home but that's a story for another time. Pricing was average, the clientele that late are usually drunk and loud. I would love it even more if they had reservations that late but it's not sensible to do so. I'll be back Thompson diner!
Hello Gorgeous is such a fabulous salon! From the aesthetics to the talented staff, you definitely feel like you're well taken care of. I had a blow dry & style from Ashley & it's quite possible the best hair I've ever had! I'll definitely be coming back each time I visit Waunakee.
Nice breakfast, just ok dinner.  Partly my fault for ordering salad with easy on the dressing.  But the lettuce was ice cold and not crisp.  The reason for keeping lettuce ice cold is to crisp it after a wash.But the one thing to really point out is please dont ask us to voice our room number and name.  Take a cue from the front desk clerks, who point to your room number and they talk a little softer.  On the surface, the wait staff are being personable and friendly, but then act a little offended when my sweetheart (with a hotel security background) asks to write it down instead of announce it to the room.  Maybe no one is listening, but he's barring on the safe side.
Came here for lunch, pretty pricey, food quality isn't that good. The restaurant is quite empty when we arrive around 1pm. Wouldn't recommend to friends.
Went there on a Friday night, it wasn't that busy. We ordered some beer, chicken knuckles and chicken wings. The food came way before the drinks. We had to remind them to get the beer. We finished the food before the beer came... The food was okay but if we can have the beer with the food that would be great. Anyway, there are probably better places out there for chinese skewers.
Really bad service. Food is just okay. Would not recommend to friends. The place was not busy during the time we went but the service was slow and inattentive. It was very rude when the server would ignore us when we try to call him over, even when we made eye contact. When he try to take away the change after we paid, He even threw the bill dish back on the table when we said we weren't done with the change. It was ridiculous.
The menu has limited options to choose from as others have mentioned already. The portions were small for the price. We ordered the steamed rice with pork. It's their opening special, $7.50 for the combo (regularly $9), it comes with a drink and a soup. The rice was too moist and sticky. It is in a small foil tray. My lemon tea only had two small pieces of lemon, but it's good enough since the cup is small. Anyway, the food quality is okay, but I would say the price is average to high. E.g. A satay beef instant noodle with a drink would cost $9.50 + tax.  I'm not sure if I would go there again since there are lots of other similar restaurants around with wider food choices and more parking spaces.
Came here for lunch, waited 45 minutes for the food to come. Food was mediocre, noodle dish size was small. Horrible service from the server. Very rude. The bill took another 30 mins to come.
Jay did amazing job!!! I happen to be very picky, he followed through with my request and I left the store happy with his work. Well done Nail Envy!
Delicious food and generous portions- the $6 falafel platter is the best and cheapest vegan lunch I've had downtown. The falafel is light as a feather and green inside because they make their own using fresh herbs. The cauliflower side is also amazing when I want something different. Every time I go, I see the same three friendly people working, I love supporting this local business.
There was a fly in my salad. I found the dead fly after eating 1/4 of it. Do not eat here- not only were they not apologetic, they were upset that I stated this out loud other customers to hear.
Walked in at noon for takeout. They were really friendly and only took about 10 minutes for fresh and delicious sushi to go!
The speed at which food is delivered after order is impeccable. If this was a sport this Wendy's would lead the league. Very busy spot, yet there is rarely a lineup.
I went there because my mom recommended her as a temp dr for me since I had to flee feom Irma and have several health issues.She was rude to me. When I asked questions  she just left me and told me to go. She didn't want to perform tests on me because she assumed I couldn't pay for them even though I am insured.She also did not listen to me or even remember the first visit we had the week before and wondered why i brought urin in with me. Duh she asked me to.She also did not go through my medical chart that I took to her to help her understand why I was there.And for those who say she knows her stuff, she doesn't. I've visited more drs and specialists in the past 15 years than she's probably met her whole life and i know when i dr knows their stuff. She doesn't.She's also visited with drug reps several times a day. That's a bad practice. I didnt see that in iowa or Florida. Sometimes at other drs in Illinois but not as often as i saw the 2 times at this drs. Makes u wonder why she pushes what she pushes.One last thing. The first visit I was given a blood test for a special study. When I went in the next time I'd forgotten about why it was taken and asked the dr and she said it was for my cortisol levels which were low. She later corrected herself saying they were on the low end of normal. Then I got home and mom reminded me why my blood was actually drawn as she had been with for that first visit so where did the cortisol levels come from and why didn't the dr even remember what the blood draw was for. Had she even looked at the earlier chart? I don't know what my blood was actually used for now.
Went with 3 friends, happily surprised with half price bottles of wine on Tuesday! Waiter was friendly. They were out of shrimp, and I was really wanting the shrimp and grits but got the Carolina burger instead. It was yummy and thick! Our table split the fries green tomatoes, they were delicious!!!
My husband just ate there yesterday and has not shut up about how awful and disgusting the BBQ is. All food awful, coleslaw and hush puppies shouldn't ever be served again. He said the only positive to the experience was the employees were nice.
BBQ Mahi Tacos are the way to go!!!!! I got mahi two ways- one BBQ, one blackened. The BBQ was incredible!!!!!! I didn't love the pasta salad side.
Unfortunately, the hostesses ruined our experience and the adult supervisor said we've been busy. We waited 10 minutes but never saw a waiter.  The hostesses were extremely immature and very unprofessional.  It's a shame that customer service is not important to this location.
Free full breakfast.  Free full dinner.  (seriously, the happy hour is basically dinner.)  Great staff.  Extremely clean rooms.  Tons of stuff within walking distance. The pool is amazing as well! I would definitely stay here again!
Excellent place to hangout. Every item on the menu is awesome. I just love the pasties there and the curry fries. Love the beers and the live music is outstanding on the weekends.
Nice and clean place. Lot of flavors to choose from. I like the taste and its better than what I expected. My friends and I had fun time there sitting out at night. They are open a little late. Nice place to hangout with friends. I would come again to try out some more flavors soon.
Its good. I had my first experience with 6 shirts getting them dry cleaned. I found that these shirts were ironed well. I will try the starch clean and press next time, which I feel is cheaper and might be better.
Nice place to stay. Been here for an year now and I dint have much problems during my stay. The service is good and staff is friendly and prompt. The features in this community is better than what some others offer around. The price is very competitive and I had one for a really good price. The 2BHK units are spacious and surroundings are maintained very well. I always felt this was spacious when you enter the gate. The paths are wide, parking is not congested and there is ample spots for open parking too. Had issues with garage clipper but they gave a new garage spot due to issues with the old one. Can stay here with peace.
Its only because of my nice apartment I am giving these two little starts for them. I always had a sore experience with the management. The master bedroom was filled with cat hair when we moved in. It was not cleaned well and they handed the keys to us 13 days later from the date they promised on the apartment. The management never got better since then for us. They lost our deposit money order and luckily we had the receipt. They charged us with it for over four months and we kept repeating the same thing over and over and they finally investigated and said that they lost it. I heard that this happened to one of my other friend who stayed here before.One in November, I was expecting a delivery and it was with the leasing office and they misplaced it. It was a minor one so I dint mind it, USPS got signed off from the person who received it and they could not find my box.I moved in October 2015 and I need a garage and they dint know which were occupied/empty. I felt that they should have been more organized about these spaces which fill money in their pockets. I guess now they have finally figured out the mystery with garages. Very pet friendly community. Lot of people like it and I do not have any problem with pets too. People here are nice, do not bother others. Not too friendly though. I dint bother to write this review until this morning, when I dint get my delivered package from yesterday.So I should have received a package yesterday which is kinda important to me and I couldn't pick it yesterday due to time constraints. So I went in today to pick it up, and they say that it is still not organized by maintenance. I don't know why maintenance have to be involved with sorting or organizing packages. It is the next day and my package is still in a pile of messy packages. I took my time and it was already 10:15 am in the morning when I went in for it. Absolutely pissed me off with a bad start for the day. I am only hoping that it is not lost in the pile !!
This is a superb place to take your date for dinner. Nice open view of the downtown, though you get a limited view. Good pool and nice cocktails/food.
These guys have such good ratings already. To add up my experience, I moved to the valley from California last year. Had my services done from Chapman every time. Like the way they do things from the start. My adviser, Steve is the best to work with. I always ask for Steve before I get an appointment. Listens to the problems, fixes them and also suggests for what can be done under warranty. Now this is what I have never seen anywhere. In my opinion he is an ideal BMW service adviser. Always has the loaner and its not just him, I appreciate the dealership to offer loaners to customers. Explains things well and the dealing is quick and fast. I have worked with technicians here too and they are very knowledgeable people..Been here about 10 times and never had a bad experience. Not sure of the sales, but I hear a lot of good stuff from the sales too. If needed, I will definitively get a new one from Chapman.Thanks you guys, keep it up !!
There for lunch. Like the lunch menu and the pricing. Food tastes very good and the quantity is pretty good. Gets a 4 star instead of a 5 is because we had to wait for long last time for the waitress to come back and take the order from us.The thai coffee and tea are amazing here. Try it out.
My first time to Vegas and I decided to get my first tat. I was in downtown and did a yelp and found some nice reviews on this place. I went an hour before closing time and the place was tidy and nice. Ross was the guy. I had the tribal dragon picture on my phone. Ross took a copy of it and managed to stick it on my arm. He said he never did any dragons and this was my first tat. Ross did an excellent job. He was cool and did the job well and fast. I got it on 12/29 and it is super now. I had very little itch in the healing process. My friends love it. Still caring it until it is three weeks. He was patient, he stayed out late for me, had a nice chat. I dint had cash on me and my friends were getting it and it was delayed more, but he was cool.Overall - Nice place to a tat, crew is nice and cool!
Nice place to hang out. Too much noise though and it takes time to calm down. Over all its a good place to hang out. Good food and drinks.
Very nice place. The quality of the food is superb. The Kadai paneer is a little not as it should be. The Burbank is good. Ambience, service and pricing as it should be. Will be back to this place again. Not sure of the dessert.
Nice work on the tire replacement. Zak is the guy. He thinks what is best for the car and recommends the best with reasons. The tires are fitted without a scratch to the rim and I have done the alignment too. The whole transaction was smooth and Zak also suggested on some issues I had with my car.Only that I was somewhere in North Phoenix. Its half hour drive from my place.
Amazing place. Awesome environment and cool place with some antique and unique things to shop. I liked the hang out place on the back which is open and also the space inside has some room for indoor activity.Great drinks and good food !! One of my favs in Phoenix,
Great food. Friendly. Homey, comfort food includes Stuffed cabbage, variety of pierogi (plain, cheddar, sweet cheese, sauerkraut, and mushroom-sauerkraut fillings), excellent potato pancakes, blintzes, kielbasa, burgers, sandwiches, fish, meatloaf, shrimp on menu. Takeout prepared dishes and fresh, homemade pierogi available in bulk for takeaway. This location appears to be beloved by locals.
Overpriced and way to quick....! 35$ for the fast pass was worth it but scare factor sucked... we should have done Fear Farm again.  One star is generous because I got to spend quality time with my daughters...TRU!
Great all around experience from my service advisor Frank Angulo. Have been going to him for years and appreciate his open and honest feedback on my trucks needs and he always communicates how long my service may take. I greatly appreciate that as it helps in scheduling my work schedule around the service being done. I highly recommend this location and Frank to take care of your service needs. #happycustomer
The 14oz bone in ribeye was really good seasoned but they didn't get the medium rare correct it was more medium. The sauce was really good and the vegetables were well grilled. The bruschetta was not flavored very well.
The onion rings were awesome the no. 37 was horrible bread was way to buttery and there was way to much of the Dijon mustard mix sauce that came with it. It just overwhelmed the flavor of the chicken. The salad with the bourbon vinaigrette was excellent tho.
Very delicious & healthy. I came here for lunch with a group. We all had salads and sandwiches. Everything was very good and healthy. We thoroughly enjoyed our lunch and would definitely recommend it.
Yes this company (Responsible Pest Control) will kill scorpions!!! And other bugs of course. I recently used them for my house because I found a scorpion in a ceiling light. The technician David came and sprayed my entire inside and outside of my house. He also sprayed my outer wall separating my house from my neighbors. He said this is very important because all bugs (and especially scorpions) will die and other neighboring bugs/scorpions will not come onto my property from this. The video they post on their website (under the scorpion tab) really sealed the deal for me to call them. This video shows the system and chemical that they use will kill scorpions when all other exterminator companies say they cannot be killed (only their food supply i.e. other bugs can be killed). Also they told me that this chemical will not harm dogs - it just needs to dry before dogs can be around it. I initially had set up a one time appointment. But soon learned that it is cheaper and more effective if they come on a monthly schedule. It is a lot cheaper actually. And any future issues will be prevented making this a proactive way to deal with scorpions and other bugs. I would highly recommend this company for scorpions and also any other bugs you might have in or around your house.
This is a hidden gem. Amazing tacos, margaritas, and happy hour. Great atmosphere - very chill, a bit local, and a fun spot. The patio is also very nice when it's cool enough. Come for happy hour or for dinner. Definitely worth it!!
They fixed my iPhone's screen and power button. Awesome work. My phone looks brand new. They also fixed my friend's iPhone's home button for free just because I was already getting work done. As of 8/28/13,- iPhone 4s screen replace = $79Highly recommend these guys. They did fantastic work at a reasonably price.
Very quick service. I came in here on Thursday afternoon. It was very busy but the line went quick. I had the paperwork filled out so it was the woman typed it in really quick and it was done. I was probably in and out in less than 5 min. Wow, good work FedEx!
Came here for some blood work. The front desk staff were very nice and friendly. And the woman who took drew my blood was awesome and very nice - she had a fantastic accent as well. Walked in at 2:05pmGot blood work done at 2:45. (Note: I did not have an appointment)Also not this office takes a lunch break from 1:00pm to 2:00pm so the office is closed at this time.
Love Paradise Bakery! This location is great. Always fresh and delicious food. Tasty cookies and muffins as well.My only advice to management is please get regular cream soda instead of diet. Or at least have both.
Pretty typical GNC. Friendly staff and they carry just about everything. This location was a little hard to find at first. But just know that it's close to the safeway grocery store. If your not buying online then this is a great place to pick up health products, proteins, etc.
Lots and lots of frames here. Great frames with lots of variety. Or you can also have them custom frame for you. This place is large and very professional. It doesn't feel at all mom and pop like lots of framing stores do. I definitely recommend this place for any framing you need to do.
Great airport. Awesome food options from fast food to trendy restaurants. It's big and nice. Security seems faster here than most other big airports. I think the biggest plus for this airport is the food options, nice space, and friendly staff.
This is 100% my new breakfast spot for quick and easy breakfast brunch. They serve breakfast all day. Nice atmosphere. Good size patio. Very nice staff and waiters. Whether your coming in for a quick bite or sitting and being served this is a great option.
This place is awesome. Delicious food. Portions are slightly on the smaller side but the quality is so great that it makes up for it. Seriously you cannot go wrong with this one. Great atmosphere as well. Cool decor.
Cool bakery, great atmosphere, delicious food. But bad service - the woman behind the counter has such attitude. Strange for a small bakery; you would think they would be so nice and friendly but nope.  All that being said, the sandwiches are fantastic. I especially love the tuna melt here.
Pizza with sausage and pepperoni was delicious as well as their Pinot Grigio. Perfect place to grab a bite when you have time before your fight.  Also I got my food pretty quick. *Note this restaurant is outside the security.
I came here for their big tent sale (Oct 23-26). They have a huge selection. Probably the biggest selection of outdoor furniture in Arizona. I was looking for outdoor lounge chairs to replace my old sunburnt ones I recently tossed. I ended up buying 4 of these beautiful lounge chairs with this terrycloth like fabric. Absolutely awesome looking. They were on sale plus I asked the woman if she could mark them down any more because I was buying 4. She said ok and marked down an additional $30 off each chair. Wow very impressed. Just goes to show that their is no harm in asking. So then I pulled to the back with my van to pick them up. And whoa they have a huge warehouse with inventory out the wazoo. They brought out my new lounge chairs still in boxes and helped put them in my van. Everyone that helped me here was awesome and very helpful. I would definitely recommend anyone looking for outdoor furniture to come check this place out. Also I found out that they will reupholster lounge chairs for only $159 and regular chairs for $99. Pretty good to know for the future. Very happy with my new lounge chairs and the entire buying experience here.
Great smoothies. Lots of options - almost too many to make a decision. But very tasty and great protein options.
Great little coffee shop. Good vibes, atmosphere, and environment. You can see the water and fountain from the patio. The coffee is very good as well. Great place to study, meet a friend, or relax.
Very cool place. Great food. Definitely recommend this spot here in downtown. Only complaint is the pulled pork sandwich didn't have the best meat to bun ratio (if you know what I mean). Very trendy spot though. And tasty free cookies with a check in.
Very cool little cafe for food and coffee bar. Located right in a parking lot type of area but a seriously cool hidden gem. Definitely a trendy vibe with young and fun atmosphere. The patio area is decorated nice with a relaxed atmosphere. They have heaters, a small water feature, nice greenery and plants, and a cool statue head. Inside seating is small but fun mom-and-pop vibe of a good coffee bar. Drive thru is also available. Order at the bar then take a seat. After 4pm it's apparently more of a restaurant style where they serve you. Definitely a cool spot to check out.
The best Costco in AZ in terms of selection, highest quality, nicest jewelry / watches, and overall just everything. They have it all and the best of it all.
I came in for a cleaning and because of some sensitivity. And I had a great experience!Cleaning:The dental hygienist for the cleaning did a fantastic job. She was very gentle and nice. Probably one of the best cleanings I have ever had. Dr. Moe:Dr. Moe looked at my teeth for the sensitivity and for an overall check. Wow she was so thorough and nice. I am extremely happy how she communicated everything so nicely before going forward. She fixed the issue on a back molar and even did a quick cosmetic fix why she was in there with a tooth closer to the front. I am very impressed with Dr. Moe and highly recommend her. Dental office:The dental office has absolutely beautiful views with floor to ceiling windows. It's a great office and with such friendly staff. Overall I was very impressed and would highly recommend.
Best delivery pizza in the area hands down. No frills but just extremely tasty.  Highly recommend.
Great dry cleaners. Been using them for about 6 months so far. All my clothes come back very clean and in great condition. Also, the clothing repair lady here is excellent. She has fixed many of my shorts, pants, and shirts - and they fixes look incredible. Very impressed with the repairs. Highly recommend them. And if you spend a little for their nice dry clean bag/holder then you get 10% off all services from them going forward. Plus it gives you a bag to put your dry cleaning in which you can just drop off your clothes in the future without talking to anyone.
Talk about easy. I had about 100 envelopes to send out. I came in here, no line, very friendly employees. I was literally in and out in less than 3 minutes. They said that they are a post office, FedEx authorized center, and UPS center. So they do it all. Definitely recommend this place.
I came here for supplies and advice while I was redoing my outdoor fire pit. I was looking for the colored glass for the fire pit. ConsThe staff here is brash, unhelpful, and make everything seem like such an ordeal when you ask questions. I honestly am unsure how this place stays in business when the staff was as poor in customer service as they were. ProsThe only good news is that the prices are cheap. From my research the prices for fire pit glass, p-gravel, and other stuff I needed for my fire pit were cheaper here then anywhere else I looked. In the end, if you are looking for fireplace stuff and already know exactly what you want and are prepared for the rude employees then this may be the place to go. Otherwise go somewhere else or buy online. Just do not come here expecting helpful advice or friendly staff that care how your fire pit will turn out.
Dr Kessler is a fantastic eye doctor. I have been going here for over 10 years. It's a great office, very friendly staff, comfortable, and professional.I highly recommend this doctor and this overall office for anything eye related.
Delicious Asian food. Randomly came in for a quick dinner. Everything tastes very fresh and portions were large. Highly recommend this place.
The employees here were extremely helpful and very nice. They helped me find exactly what I was looking for and very quickly at that. I definitely recommend this Ace for anything and everything you may need.
This is a great little fun course. Honesty I was really unsure about playing it after reading so many bad reviews. But not sure what these reviews are even talking about. It was seriously a great course. Nicely groomed. Nice water features, well cut, and yes the rough can be tough to find balls (but this is golf and that happens!). I would definitively recommend this course. And we had awesome service from the cart guys to the pro shop. The gentlemen behind the desk even told us we could both have anything in the beverage cooler before we headed out (beer and all) - that was a nice little touch. Definitely check this place out and see for yourself how it plays out.
Always delicious food here at paradise backery. This location is located outside the security checkpoint. I highly recommend getting a bite here if you want something quick, delicious, and on the healthier side. Sandwiches are awesome and so are the salads. And the cookies, ohh the cookies...delicious. They are usually buy one get one free. And an fyi for ya,  you get a free cookie when you buy a sandwich.
This place makes is so easy for a vehicle renewal. And it was only a $16 convenience charge added to the total.  I was seriously in and out in less then 5 minutes. Highly recommend this vs going to the DMV and waiting in line.
One of the best burgers in Arizona. This place is a true classic - it's been here forever and still as good as always. Definitely recommend stopping by for an awesome burger and fantastic sweet potato fries.
Awesome brunch. Champagne included. And our waitress Tammie was awesome and very attentive. When we were here they only had brunch on Sunday (fyi). The waitress said they were going to think about adding it in Saturday as well. This place was pretty empty when we were here though (like shoot a canon through type of empty).
I called 602 plumber in the morning because of a leak behind a toilet. Ryan picked up when I called and came out the same day at 1pm. Ryan fixed the issue and also took care of an additional issue in another bathroom. I found him to be very knowledgable and straight forward. He did an awesome job with the fixes and I would highly recommend him and this company.
I came here for a foot massage and reflexology. Nice comfortable chairs and very nice massage therapists. It was definitely enjoyable. I would recommend this spot to someone looking for some relaxation and a good foot massage.
One of my favorite restaurants for dinner in Scottsdale. Seriously...this place is delicious.Ribs are always good and the burger is a classic here.This is a great restaurant for a date, or friends, or family. It can sometimes be a little loud though. Dark lit restaurant - perfect for a glass of wine and a meal.
The last few times I have eaten here the food has been awesome and the staff super nice. Looks like management has brought up the politeness & professionalism since my last review here. I would definitely recommend this spot now. The only down side is that the food takes a bit of time to get after you order at the register (about 15-20min). So if you are rushed for a flight, you might want to grab something pre-made here instead of a sandwich or something they have to prepare.
So took my dog to new hospital on eastern and windmill and I got gripes about how the hospital isn't set up and shouldn't be open yet, I had a sick dog with a collapsed tracheal which I found out from my vet in Bullhead city Az and a family friend who is a vet in Georgia, because the Dr Elkins was so unsure of what it could be and wanted us to go to their Trop hospital vs. treating my dog properly. My Vet and my Friend a vet was surprised that they didn't even prescribe theophylline or a sedative. 400.00 for nothing. Had to take to our vet Monday for another 300.00 because your clinic couldn't do it's job. Save yourself a hassle and go somewhere else, especially if you love your pet.
To small and to expensive. They don't control neighbor issues, and they dont refund deposit even I spent 6 hours cleaning the place to make it look better than when I moved in.. Stay away. For the money you can find tons of places better..Manager of the building is also above the tenants. She needs people Skills if she is going to be in the people business
What a waste of time.  Guy very anxious to sell me the car I came in to see that I found on their website.  After he drove me on a test drive he said we had to wait and see if I was approved for a loan.  Then I was informed the car that we drove is not available because someone had put a deposit on it.  Now they try and sell me other cars more expensive.  I already checked their website before going in.  The asking price was 8,999.  Our trade in is worth at least 2,000 and I was going to put another 1,000 cash.  I go home because it is that car or no car.  Later I receive a call and they say they will sell me the car I want and forget about the other person, they still couldn't get in contact with the person.  I ask what my payment will be and they tell me 36 months at $325 per month.  Are you bloody kidding me!  Today, I received in the mail a letter declining my loan for a little over $12,000.  What kind of scam are they running here.  Do the math.  All those other positive reviews must be fake.
Had dinner here last night.  The Bagel Cafe is very clean and inviting.  The server was very good and accommodating.  I ordered the steak dinner with baked potato.  The dinner also came with a side salad, roasted vegetables and later coffee and dessert.  The steak was just as I ordered it, the side salad was a good size and excellent, not just lettuce, the best side salad I have had anywhere.  Baked potato was perfectly done, but my favorite part was the roasted vegetables of asparagus, Brussels sprouts, carrots and green beans.  I was so happy the vegetables were not the usual zucchini with other overcooked generic vegetables.  This is my new favorite place.  Delish!
Complete waste of MY time and gas.  Found a car I was interested in online, sent an inquiry by email.  Received a response immediately.  Before I was finished reading the email, the phone rang and I spoke to Mr. Watson.  He said the auto I was interested in is still available so I told him I will be there in 30 minutes.  I was actually running late and called to let him know I would be there in 15 more minutes.  I arrive to see the car advertised and Mr. Watson advises me that that car has just been sold.  Does he really believe that I believe that?  Evidently, other dealerships do the same thing.  This is not the first time this has happened to me and I am not going to deal with a dealership again.  I was running late and was courteous enough to call and let him know.  He did not bother to return the courtesy.  The car I now have is unable to go on the freeway, a fact that I told this guy, so this was really rude, trying to get a warm body in just to sell someone anything.  I walked out and won't be back.  FRAUD.
This place rotated my tires.  Next time I was in for an oil change and tire rotation, they said they could not rotate the tires because of broken studs on 2 of the wheels.  Guess what?  They broke them the last time, but how do you prove it.  Also said I needed new front brakes and struts all around.  I decided to take my car to the dealership.  They fixed the studs and I did not need front brake job or struts.  The dealership might be more expensive but you also don't wait around for 4 hours.  They drive you to and from home.  Worth the price to go to the dealership.
Wish I would have read the reviews before calling this place.  The A/C unit was not cooling anymore and is 14 years old.  They came out and told me it was the motor.  Just received last years tax return, so had barely that amount.  $800 for a new motor and that didn't work.  Called them back and they couldn't find any reason why it wasn't working.  Called another company and the whole unit needed replacing.  Wonder why not so honest couldn't tell me that.  Then, a week later, they have the nerve to call me and ask if they can replace and that they can beat the price of replacement I was quoted.  Ha!  Are you kidding me.  Besides that, not so honest gives lousy warranties, only half the amount of coverage and you have to pay labor.  The other company has a warranty of 5 years part and labor included.  Major rip off.  Beware!  And, they didn't give me a senior citizen discount, even after I asked because the coupon I had was expired.
Awful.  Read the reviews and thought this would be a good place to try Korean food for the first time.  Not only was the food awful, I had to hurry home because I became very sick, and cramping up.  The worst part was the price.  Their website says lunch is $18.  Come to find out, it is only $18 during the week.  Saturdays is $28 for lunch.   I won't be back, or recommend.
Devin is the bomb! After reaching out for info on a tattoo I had in mind via this app, Devin texted me and we corresponded directly. He was so personable that it felt like we'd been friends for years!He sent me a couple of sketches of my tattoo and was super open to feedback. When I asked him to do a sketch for my friend too, he was more than happy to help. He came in earlier than he was scheduled to work to do my tattoo since it was the only time that would fit into my schedule. Devin was gentle, friendly, and we absolutely loved the work he did for us. Highly recommend!The place was also super clean and Devin used a high quality machine to do the tattoos. A great experience overall!
I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay and was excited to discover the restaurant, I got the farm house burger. It was pretty good, maybe my expectations were a little high. I would give it an 8.8
Checked out the "best BBQ place" on Google and I gotta say, this place is on point! I got the ribs, they were tender and a little bit sweet surprisingly. Which I didn't mind. Ended up trading the mac & cheese for green bean casserole. My favorite thing was they played old 90s Rock music; Nirvana, Foo Fighters, Metallica and The Offspring. I'm sold on this place!!!
I had never been to a fresh and easy, so when I got a flyer in the mail about the re-grand opening of the vegas drive store I went to check it out. I did not buy anything the day of the re-grand opening because the store was very crowded so I just looked around. I did go back on christmas eve to get a few things. They were out of many items that were on sale...including 3 of the items I wanted, so I left the store emptyhanded....I posted a comment on the stores facebook page and got a robo type response..." thank you for reaching out to us....blah, blah, blah, hope to see you soon in our stores" I would think that seeing as Fresh and Easy went to all that expence to "rebrand" its self and try to gain new customers that they would have made some sort of effort to get an unhappy "new" customer back in the store. I posted a comment on the company's corp. facebook page.......no response what so ever!!!! I get the feeling that getting new shoppers to the store is not important to them. Guess that was the reason for the rebranding, to many customers went elsewere...
I took my 14 month old son to Fidgets for the first time about two weeks ago. Ive returned twice since. I'm not sure who loves this place more, me or my son. Lol!The facility is very clean. The owner is constantly walking around with wipes and cleaning up. There are a BUNCH of toys to play with! Anywhere you turn, there is fun stuff! My son runs around for 2 hours straight without stopping! There is definitely no way to get bored here!For the parents: knowing my son is playing in a clean environment means a lot. I also like that i can be sitting down on a comfy couch provided.. drinking coffee (only $2).. and being able to see where my son is at all times. It is so nice to go and get a little break.. drink some coffee.. relax a little, while my kid is having a blast. It is a win win!Let's be fair though, you cant just sit there the entire time. It is SO fun that i love playing with my boy!Another great thing is that you can purchase coffee.. water.. juices.. and lots of different types of snacks for you and your children!Must wear socks rule applies!No sick kids rule applies!I currently don't have anything bad to say about Fidgets!
My fiance and i purchased a groupon and boy were we glad we did!To be honest, when we pulled up to the restaurant, i was disappointed. I immediately thought we would regret going. It looked very dark, small and old from the outside. When we walked in, i felt relieved. It had the family-friendly, warm and cozy type atmosphere.We were instantly seated and from there it was a complete turnaround. I must say we were greeted by a very nice and polite server. We got some food from the salad bar and everything was delicious. Once our server started serving us the meat... OMG! Fan-freakin-tastic!We didn't wait too long for the meat, they kept them coming fresh and hot. They were cooked to perfection!The price was reasonable, even without the groupon.I would definitely go back for a casual dinner with the family!
I absolutely LOVE this place! Everything ive tried off of their menu has been delicious. Great atmosphere. Nice decor. No complaints!
We bought cakes for our son's Baptism and birthday party and were so impressed... eeeveryone is still talking about them! They have lots of options.. very friendly staff.. delicious cakes.. and they look wonderful! The price was the only thing i wasnt super impressed with.. but was it worth it? Yes! Every single penny! I trusted Tiffany would make something wonderful and was not let down!
I lived in Greece for about 5 years. I LOVE Greek food. This restaurant is the second one i've tried in the past 10 years that i can say was totally authentic and delicious! If you are looking real, good Greek food.. this is your place!
The people were nice but a bit slow. No one seemed overly anxious to help us. I was paying cash for a used Hyundai so I probably got out a lot faster than anyone trying to finance would have. I had looked at the website before going down to the dealership. The website clearly said the car was a certified used car, which means the Hyundai 100,000 mile warranty is in effect. But when I picked a car the dealer said it costed an extra $2000 to get the car certified. That really seems like false advertising. When I pointed that out to the salesman he said, oh all dealers do that. I thought that was a ridiculous thing to say and really sleazy. I bought the car because I got a good deal, but I am still annoyed I didn't get the certified warranty. I wasn't willing to pay the extra $2000 for it. I'm not sure I would recommend this dealership because of that. I'm still thinking of asking a lawyer about that certified warranty.
We love Phils deli. It is a typical deli open for breakfast and lunch. The people are friendly and get to know you. It's a great place to bring children since they have lots of options for little ones. It's not fancy but it's a great neighborhood spot for good food made in house. I love the deli salads, like tuna or chicken salad. The sides are really good too. If you haven't tried Phils you should!
Time Warner cable, now called Spectrum, are some of the most incompetent people I have ever dealt with. In a recent move from one apartment to another in the same development, I have been completely overwhelmed by their complete lack of customer service and efficiency. I have been constantly told I have two accounts with them, even though I called three times and explained that I was moving and transferring my equipment. They tried to bill me for another month at my old address and when I called the fourth time and explained AGAIN that I had moved and was transferring my account they still tried to act like I still had an active account at my old address. In an empty apartment. So I finally got that settled and thought all was well. Then I get a bill for two cable boxes and a modem that I had turned in, a cable box to the South Blvd store, the modem that was undersized for the Wi-Fi I was paying for which I took and traded at the Matthews store, and the cable box which the technician from Spectrum traded out when we moved to the new apartment. And yet magically even though I turned in the equipment at Spectrum stores none of them have been taken off of my account. So when I got the bill today for that I called Spectrum. The guy says this happens frequently and he will put in a ticket to find the missing equipment. If they don't find it he says I will be charged for it. I asked him how it was my fault that his company screwed up the equipment intake but since I was stupid and did not keep the receipts he says I will be charged if they don't find it. I told him the technicians name that came to my apartment to install the Wi-Fi and who took the cable box with her and he says he doesn't even have a record of her service call. Now I am starting to feel like I must have some how warped into a different dimension. I turned in three pieces of equipment to Spectrum stores and they are trying to charge me for them. I have to call back in 3 to 5 days and see if the equipment has been found and if not I will be charged. If I don't pay they will send it to a collection agency. So I will then call my lawyer. Final warning: avoid Spectrum if at all possible. If you have to deal with them KEEP YOUR RECEIPTS. They are completely incompetent in their record keeping and they do not care about you as a customer.
We have traveled to Washington DC on Rose Charter buses for three years now. We bring over 200 eighth grade students each year. The drivers have always been excellent. They are friendly and efficient and do a wonderful job getting us where we need to be and on time. If you need a great driver make sure to ask for Joe!The buses are new and clean. They have charging plugs under each pair of seats and on board wifi. There is plenty of storage above the seats and below the bus for all of your luggage and carry ons. The seats are clean and comfortable. There is a DVD player with screens throughout the bus which really helps on long trips with students. Highly recommend this company.
We went to the improper pig a few weeks ago. The food was really good and you get a lot. The only disappointing item was the slaw. I liked the choice of six sauces too. The service was friendly and attentive without hovering. Overall a good experience .
Do NOT buy anything here!!! I bought an open box laptop that was supposed to be in excellent condition. From the moment I turned it on it was not working. It would not go to App Store. I made Geek squad appt and was told it was my fault that I had downloaded virus. I did not. When I opened the DVD DRIVE IT had a DVD in it which I believe is where the problems came from. If they had totally cleaned the laptop why would it still have a DVD in it? It's crap. Now they won't fix it unless I pay another $99. I am disgusted with this place. NEVER SHOP HERE!
Greg and Gordon are two gentlemen who know their business and make the planning comfortable. They are knowledgeable and professional. I would highly recommend them to anyone who finds themselves in the unhappy situation of planning a cremation. They do not add any pressure and are very helpful. They guide you through the whole process and do not add unnecessary costs. Refreshing to work with kind people when you are vulnerable.
Ever since this apt complex changed management it is not a nice place to be. When you try to call the office no one answers the phone and you get a voice mail. When you leave a message no one ever returns your call. I called the office today NINETEEN TIMES before any one answered the phone. When you put in a maintenance request they come and do the least possible to repair the problem. I had a ceiling water leak so they replaced the drywall and it looks awful. For as much rent as we pay here I am embarrassed to bring anyone over. The finishes and appliances are all outdated and ugly. The plugs spark when you plug something in. And now they are doing a massive construction project that is always noisy and dirty. There is mud everywhere and construction workers gawking. There is no communication to residents about what is going on. We were told there would be a stoplight put in when they took away one of the entrances and there is no sign of that. It is almost impossible to get out on Providence rd. now. And the final blow is the pool will not be open for Memorial Day weekend. My family was looking forward to that and I asked about it at the office last week. They said it needed a city inspection. You would think someone would know that after running the pool for years. Incompetence runs rampant here.
IDK why people are complaining about the service. we were welcomed and treated very nice by the crew. It was great to find a halal restaurant in the strip. The food was good. We ordered chicken biriyani-a great option and kebab was okay, but the sauce (gravy) it came with it was so bomb!
Shawn and Angie are the best! They helped with selling my home and also purchasing a new home and they made what was a very stressful process as easy as it could be. They were very helpful and informative, and answered all questions very quickly and really let me know what was happening each step of the process. I would definitely use them again.
Dr. Lee was awesome. I have seen so many doctors and was never given a straight answer regarding what was going on with my wrist. With Dr. Lee I was finally given a straight forward answer and was also given options if I chose to move forward. Staff was also super nice and helpful. Would definitely recommend this office.
In 2009, I was involved in a very serious trucking accident where I sustained multiple injuries, including a traumatic brain injury.  Unfortunately, I was not getting many of the benefits to which I was entitled from my employer's workers' compensation insurance company, including much needed medical treatment.  As a result, I sought legal advice and ultimately was referred to The Law Office of Jeffrey G. Scott, PLLC.  I met with Mr. Scott personally and immediately hired him as my attorney.    I am extremely happy with all the work and support Mr. Scott and his staff has given me and my family throughout this process.  He is very understanding and explains everything in a way anyone can understand.  I am very happy to have him working for me.  When you have a great lawyer who cares about you and your case it makes an extremely stressful situation manageable.  Now left with brain damage the life me and my family had will never be the same, but with the help of Mr. Scott, we have a future.  If you want an honest, hard working, knowledgeable and very caring lawyer to handle your workers' compensation claim, you need to contact Jeff Scott with The Law Office of Jeffrey G. Scott, PLLC.
The service was attentive, the meatball appetizer was delicious, and I enjoyed my bass entree. My husband had the lamb with orzo. He said the lamb was too fatty and he wouldn't order that entree again, but would be willing to return to try something else.
Yuck. My daughter's tiny grilled cheese sandwich didn't even have any butter on the outside, so it was basically a dry, barely toasted grilled cheese. My sandwich was no better. The homemade chicken noodle soup was absolutely awful. On top of the strange taste, it had few noodles, gristly dark meat, and the broth looked like greasy dishwater. The new owner was nice, but unless they get someone in the kitchen who can actually cook, I don't think this place will be open much longer.
We went on a Saturday evening, the place wasn't even half full, not a good sign but we really like Winking Lizard and wanted to give Winks a try. We were a little confused as far as what the concept was supposed to be, so I asked our server. She said it was a classier, upscale version of the Lizard restaurants.We didn't really see it. Other than a few different food items, a bourbon list, and minus the popcorn stand, it wasn't different enough. It still had a very casual feel, there were televisions and memorabilia all over the walls, and sandwiches and burgers dominated the menu.The food was pretty good, until I found a hair in mine. Our server apologized, asked if I wanted a replacement, I declined because we had to get home. She took my item off the bill and said the manager apologized, but he never personally came to the table.We will continue to patronize the Lizard, but won't be back to Winks.
The service from the Service and Parts department was excellent. They kept my truck overnight and was offered their free shuttle service home. The driver also gave me her card and suggested that I call the next day for a pick up from work to the dealership. My truck is running better than ever and the cost was below the estimated price which is always a bonus!!!
Delicious!  The pork belly was so crispy and the skin doesn't separate from the meat so you get crispy goodness with every bite.  The pig ears were also delicious, crunchy and smokey and perfect to go with our wonton soup with duck.  Makes me want to live in Las Vegas.
I ate here for my birthday today... I am Black...the other two women in my party were also... Noone else in the entire restaurant was Black besides us (we noticed toward the end of the meal)... If you have this same condition don't eat here...If you are of any other variety... the food was good...
I'm a woman and simply went there to enjoy tits n ass. Bouncers would not let me in. They said it was their policy to not let "unaccompanied" women in! Lol, like I was a child. I asked what their rational was for this, and I got this dumbfounded look. Figures, look where I was at, an environment full of assumably HS dropouts. Tall bald headed white guy was a dick! Good luck in ur prosperous bouncing career making $20 an hour. I just wanted to enjoy some entertainment and the bouncer there gave this woman a horrible time. Go to Hustlers!!!! They rock!!!
Awesome service, awesome people and they use great product which lasts much longer than most other local salons.
I needed a fireplace fixed in a hurry, stumbled upon this company and am so glad I did. I had Tristar repair my fireplace and they were fantastic! I was having trouble getting the fireplace to work along with the remote and switch on the wall. I called and explained the problem and they were very knowledgeable. They were prompt and their level of service was beyond great. I worked closely with Mike who is amazing, friendly, and patient! He completely understood what I needed, answered all my million questions and did a great job! Very happy with my experience and would recommend them to anyone!
The drug plan is OK, but their billing is abominable!  We made our initial payment at our local CVS pharmacy in January of 2017.  CVS told us that initially we needed to pay $76.90, when they should have told us $44.90.  We have been trying, but have been unable, to get them to refund the difference of 32.00.  We have now phoned then five times trying to get this refund.  (The last call was today.)  Each time they tell us we have to call back, and that the next time we call there will be no problem in getting the refund.  But there always is a problem.  It seems to us that they are just coming up with excuses for not issuing the refund.  BTW--Our bank pays them directly, and we have never been late with a payment.
The rudest lady I have ever met. We where nothing but nice and polite to the older lady who owns this harbor and we have never been treated so poorly by a business owner. I do not recommend giving this harbor or gas station your money or business's. They treat their customers like garbage. WILL NOT EVER RETURN!!!!
love the services, specially coffee in the morning and a vegie sandwich, i am in heaven, recommended for those who like fast and good services....definitely go back
Great fish and chips restaurant! A popular trucker stop, one of my favorite places in the area. Friendly service, great food, and good prices. Recommend the halibut, either normal or grilled.
Stumbled upon this place, initially attracted by the name and decor, and so glad I did! Great service and atmosphere, and awesome food. Great comfort food, highly recommend this place!!
I frequent here for lunch, and am always satisfied with the quality of the salmon sashimi. It's fresh, well marbled and of course tasty! I usually get the salmon bento for lunch ($12.95) which comes with salmon sashimi, spicy crispy salmon rolls, japchae, and salmon sushi. Better quality salmon sashimi than even Mi Ne sushi nearby which is impressive. I've read the older reviews, and the service is excellent now. The waitress is very attentive and always one step ahead.Definitely coming back again!
Fantastic place for sushi, very fresh and quality fish, large portion sizes. Side dishes are excellent as well, tasty and complements the main course.The lunch menu has good variety and priced well for the quality and amount of food. The sashimi lunch and sushi/maki boxes are beautifully presented so it's as appealing to your eyes as well as your mouth. The pictures speak for themselves
Came here for a late night meal and drink, and was not disappointed! Randomly stumbling into this bar, ordered the shrimp and green beans, as well as the veggie plate. Both came with curry and rice, cooked beautifully. Veggie plate came with egg plant, potato, cabbage, curry and rice. Had a curry flavor throughout, a good amount of spice to leave you reaching for your beer, not too spicy to ask for a glass of milk. The shrimp and green beans was the spiciest, but even then not overly spicy. Highly recommend this place!
Surprisingly a great Starbucks considering its in a Safeway...it has lots of sitting room and is located in the Signature Safeway. It is conveniently located in the Biltmore area. Right behind this place is a great breakfast joint to.
I've come here for years. These guys are Honest and good people.  I'm sure every tire shop has its unsatisfactory reviews but in all the time I've been here its been nothing but good service.
Best car wash in the north side that I have found. It has two channels that run vehicles through. The best part is that the channels that pull the cars through are on belts. My vehicle has large rims and lower profile tires so a regular car wash system could scratch the rims, also it's a soft cloth hand dry in the end. Get the Groupon...it's much cheaper and is essentially a 3:1 deal.
It's quite simply one of the best places to watch football, eat wing, drink beer, and spend time with friends. Tons of wing sauce varieties too! Many people go here just before they head to the football game so make sure you show up early. Onion rings are good to!
Great place to eat and have wings - no surprise! Right next to the ASU campus so many tailgaters nearby for the games...plan ahead to come here if you ever go on game day. Also, ask for their happy hour specials.
3 stars for service, 4 stars for food & price. I've been here at least 5 times and it is always good. They have TVs in the bars, the actual restaurant is a little messy and the hostesses are less than inviting mostly. The place is a little off the beaten path to say the least. There is another one in downtown Cave Creek.
I've always enjoyed this place...it's very clean, good vibe, reasonable prices...but tonight it took 10 minutes for us to get 2 drinks....I've been staring at them at the bar for 5 min.
Great food! Great service! Comfortable environment. Ask for Mary to be your server...she is real good. Also, the Manager Austin was very thorough in asking each table how everything was. I eat here often for quick work lunches. I'd only add that the serving sizes are big, so split the plate.
Best prices, healthy food, awesome happy hours...get the tapas!!!! Watch sports games and expect quality control in their food...place is great!
This place is great....cheaper than IPIC better than Harkins and AMC and they serve you whenever you hit a button. Find the deals in Groupon.
I have been getting my men's haircut by Kenny (owner) for nearly a decade...I've moved my residence 20+ Miles away from his location and I still drive up to see him, he's that good. He always stays up on trends and has recommendations but naturally he leaves it up to you and I like that. He has a lot of women clients too and I have seen many women come in and ask for Kenny because another stylist (at another company) messed up their hair - Kenny fixed it and I've never seen any of his clients unhappy. Get on his calendar or any of his stylists calendar now, they are all great! This new location he has is awesome too, well worth the drive no matter where you are in the county.
They were open on Thanksgiving! It was a fluke that we came here because our usual place was closed but I must say I'm glad we did. It's run by a family and they have another location north of this one. I literally sat and watched football while getting my legs massaged and feet dialed in (after a long run just before). The prices are reasonable and customer service excellent!!!
Overall I like this Albertsons, mostly because of its proximity but also because they have a separate entrance for the liquor...I know, it sounds like I'm binge drinking, but on the contrary, I simply find it convenient to quickly roll in and out when you need to pick up a quick bottle of wine for a party-and the selection of spirits is abundant.
Best place to eat Thai in AZ! My favorites are Pad Thai, Nam Sad, Tom Kah, and Pad Broccoli. The place is about 1100 sq feet but has a cool relaxed feel and if you want, you can order in advance and just pick it up-no delivery.
Lets be honest, things change and you can't ways get it right the first time, but I have to say the cave creek tap haus is a great place to go. I've been here several times over the last 10 months and every time the service was great (ask for Sandy).  I just had a burger-fantastic!  Also, they have this tequila (not your typical tequila)...called 'dirty tequila'...and its really good.  Moreover, the atmosphere is relaxed, cool, and memorable. Step outside of the everyday routine and make this place your new normal. Cave creek tap haus is great.
Great stadium and in ingress/egress is super easy. To s of restaurants and bars nearby. The stadium is very clean. Make sure you bring cash and if you want a bit more comfort bring a seat cushion, otherwise, there isn't a bad seat in the house.
Good for beers and wings...close to house otherwise it's so-so. If ur gonna get a beer...get the bottles, the draft beer is warm. Their Pittsburgh Wings are the best thing on the menu. The service is fine, tons of TV's, pool tables & live music on weekends. Tortilla Chips are always broken up too much which is irritating. Not a bad place for Monday Night Football, hence the attraction for me.
Ask for Josh! This place is a stand out....fair prices, quality attire...large selection in suits, vests, shirts, ties and more. I have been here twice...the first time was great...the second time confirmed that this place is a solid find! They are super easy to work with...they have a tailor in house and quick turnaround times. Yesterday I bought another 2 suits (navy & dark olive)...they never cease to impress...can't say enough good things!
Ok. So I've been here a few times and I have always had reservations (pun intended) regarding the value of this place. I'm finally sold...sometimes a good wine just takes time to appreciate (another pun considering they do half off wine on Groupon). Nonetheless, I have to say that the food (pizza, sandwiches, apps, salads, & more) here is terrific, the service has been awesome (every time). So in a twist of irony, my phone (halfway through this review) died.  Guess what happened next?...yep, the young bartender (Aaron) just happened to offer his Apple iPhone charging services and the final test is a wrap. Even extracting the battery death recovery, this place gets 5 stars. Good for family, dates, or just rolling solo...and if you feel like grabbing a barstool-ask for Aaron. The draft beer tastes great too. ;)
Seriously! This place is a gem!!! Great place, beautiful furniture, amazing deals all the time. Best part!!??? Ask for Bill and let him know I sent you and he'll give you a big discount!!! They have all types of furniture and decor...go check it out!! The owners are always there and they are really fair.
I've been to IPIC, studio movie grill...the other dine-in locations and this place was good. The food was great and the seats comfortable. The staff was professional and parking was easy. They validate parking at the front.
Good place to eat...they do not have soups and the layout is kind of weird because the bar is on the left and very small with tons if seating on the right. The pastas are good but the steak in the pasta was a bit too undercooked. The service was excellent.
This place isn't the kind of 'drop in anytime' place but my guy here is awesome and I've followed him from two other places to Salon T. I like this salon the best....it's intimate and because its by appt only it is not crawling with people. The prices are great. I haven't met the owner Tiffany yet but my stylist Kenny is awesome! He works a lot with women too-they love his work...check it out! I don't think the store hours are correct either.
Ill admit it! I'm Irish, I don't burn easily...so I like to have a but of color throughout the winter months. In any case, twice a year these guys have their biggest sales of the year: near Halloween & during May/June (summer)...half off! The reason they don't get 5 is because they do t have a level 3 (3/4) stand up bed...otherwise great and open late.
Best gym in Scottsdale. Has 9 lanes for swimming, tons of weights...rarely wait for equipment. Tv's on the cardio machines...multiple classes and open all day.
Food is great!!!! Ambience is terrific....but food took forever to come out...wasn't too busy and we shared one plate to order...had to box it when it came out and leave. Bummed.
Been here many times, but tonight was different. I was with two others and it was packed. Reservations for 8:45pm. We didn't get sat until almost 10pm. The hostesses were rude or less than apologetic & the waitstaff kept telling us they'd grab us another drink...never did. The bartenders were cordial and the busser; Issac was awesome...he later solved the issue and got us sat...the busser!!! It had been 2 hours, we'd had one drink and we weren't happy at all but we were never rude-just couldn't believe the terrible service we were getting. At this point I'm handing out a 1-star review, however, Issac and our new server Mark were amazing...they knew what our last two hours were like and they took good care of us. They comped a round of drinks...we were going to come back again nonetheless because this experience was a first but they still took care of the round. I think most people would have given this a 1-3 star review but Issac (21 yrs old I might add) and Mark (a seasoned vet) made all the difference. You recovered...you get 4 stars...always room for improvement.
Driving from Palm Desert to Albuquerque and wanted some awesome tacos. Came here after the great reviews on Yelp (Thanks, Yelpers!) and it was FANTASTIC.My husband had the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco Plate. Tender and moist meat, he ate it with the Salsa Pecan from the Salsa Bar. The rice was OUTSTANDING. And the House Margarita was one of the best he ever had.I had the El Gaucho Taco and a Carne Asada taco ala carte. Both ON POINT. And the horchata? ENORMOUS. The melon, berries and pecan at the bottom were such a treat at the end of a satisfying beverage.I read some complaints about service. This place is small and every table was taken when we arrived. The two wait staff people were great. They were busy, the restaurant was full, and they were sharp. If you are in a hurry, don't come here. If you aren't and you are willing to stand at the bar with a drink and wait (which we did), it is ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT.
My colleagues and I had a three-day business conference in Vegas and at the end of day three, we were exhausted and hungry. We were staying in the north end of the Strip so I suggested ramen and everyone was game.It was the PERFECT last meal of the trip. We went at 9:30 pm in our yoga pants to get our food to go. I got the Spicy Tonkatsu. My colleagues got the Miso and Shoyu. Our to-go containers had noodles in one container and the broth in another. Everything was tightly sealed - no spills on the way back to the hotel. They gave us spoons, forks and chopsticks.And we all DEVOURED our bowls. The spicy had a little kick - I would call it a mild-medium. I haven't had much ramen in my life and I now understand why so many of my friends CRAVE it. Especially when it was as good as this was. We all had Ramen bellies in the morning.Parking is a little tricky - it is a small lot with a lot of busy restaurants. Be patient! It's worth it! Next time I go - I want to get bubble tea from the tea shop two doors down, too.
Took my 10 year old son here for his birthday. Its his favorite steak restaurant. They treated him as special as he is. He had such a great time, dinner for all of us was excellent, steaks cooked to perfection. My husbands chicken dish was fresh and succulent. We will definitely be back again. Service was excellent and the manager was wonderful.
My son and I eat there regularly but just yesterday they messed up my sons order I sent I sent it back and I was sitting at the bar (meaning the diner part). the cook threw his hands up in the air, rolled his eyes and starting slamming equipment around-extremely rude. I am sure something was done to my child's food. I will find someplace comparable.
I love this place my son who is 9, loves the steaks, we usually get the filet mignon executive cut. The steak doesn't need a knife it is so tender and juicy. I love this restaurant. The service is exceptional. My family likes to try different restaurant's and we are steak connoisseurs and this place is a great value and so reasonable!!
I'm very happy that I read the reviews and chose this shoe store. Jack was attentive and concerned that I get the right shoes for me. I've been dealing with foot, knee, and back pain, and buying shoes is a challenge. The store was extremely busy, but he and the other person working that day made everyone feel acknowledged and like they mattered. I came in from out of town, and although he didn't have my final choices for shoes in stock, he ordered them for me and shipped them to me in a timely matter. He also sold me inserts that help relieve my individual foot issues. I would highly recommend Foot Solutions in Las Vegas to anyone with foot problems that require special attention when buying shoes and/or orthotics.
My wife and I went there and the waffles were awesome, I had the one with the Nutella and my wife are the ones with the bananas and whip cream
Took my clients to Liberty Market this past Monday for lunch. We had the best chicken sandwich and caprese panini. Both were delicious. But let me rave about the desserts.  The carrot cake was delish. Not sickenly sweet but delectable.  Moist layers with just the right amount of spice. Loved the cream cheese frosting and 4 layers. We also had the zebra brownies, which was a chocolate cream cheese layered brownie and the salt river bar. The salt river bar was not what I expected (in a good way). It had a saltine bottom and delicious butterscotch and chocolate layers. Not very sweet, I wish I had ordered coffee to go with it but was full from the bottomless soft drinks (BTW, thanks for having Coke Zero, my fave drink).  The chef came out and the servers came to check on us frequently. One of the nicest surprises was when the owner's daughter came by and checked on us. I said that I wish I had enough room to have a slice of red velvety cake but was stuffed.  I had noticed everyone around us had red velvet cake. She said it was a crowd favorite.  The very next moment she brought us a huge piece of the 4 layers of goodness!  She packaged it up and still brought us forks "just in case" we wanted to lingerand  try it. It was again the perfect balance. I don't like the really sweet type of red velvet cakes you get here in Texas. You could still taste the chocolate undertones eventhough the cake was a brilliant red.Just read the Cult of the Customer, and I will say, besides the wonderful food and outstanding service, Liberty Market created a "moment of magic" just by sending over the cake.  It showed me that the waitress listened to my wishes. Next time I am in town, I am going to Liberty market again!
Green flannel hash. Subbed out green peppers with spinach, topped with two perfectly cooked eggs. Amazing olive bread toast with raspberry jelly. This gives Matt's Big Breakfast some competition, at least they are in two different cities. I can be breakfast happy in both places.Service is great, it was perfect for a mid week breakfast meeting.
Had a business dinner here Tuesday night. I love that it is near the Hilton Pointe Squaw Peak. It is tucked in the corner of a strip mall, you could almost miss it. Just look for the giant green Galleghar's sign and it is in that same parking lot.Just order the ravioli. Best thing on the menu. At $16.95 it is the least expensive thing on the menu and it's the best. The meal comes with soup or salad, I opted for a simple green house salad. My colleague ordered a ceasar salad, that was$4.95 extra. They also serve a tasty garlic bread.We ordered a stuffed mushroom appetizer. The veal sauce reduction was delicious. The Stuffing was made of sausage and was quite tasty. The only drawback was that the mushrooms were "springy."My plate of ravioli, mushroom appetizer and glass of house Cabernet came up to $36.00. I thought was not bad considering this is an expensive area.
This local restaurant is a gem. This is located down the street from the Hilton at Squaw Peak and probably the best restaurant in the area that is filled with a lot of chain type restaurants. I had heard about the Rokerij small plates menu from office workers and I thought I would give it a try. My girlfriend and I did not have any reservations, so we went downstairs in their bar area and ate the bar. You can order the Mew Mexican specialities or the Rokerij side of the menu. There was so much to choose from so we decided to eat off of the small plates menu. We chose the 3 small plates for $25. I was thinking the plates were going to be small and that we would not be filled. I appreciated that on the menu they told you how many "pieces" you were going to get of each item. The tenderloin on toast with triple cream brie was delicious. The amount of tenderloin was just right and the cream brie made it taste over the top. The scallops were cooked perfectly as well. Thoroughly enjoyed the taco sampler. Everything is fresh and the service was great. The couple next to us ordered off of the New Mexican cuisine side. The servings were ample and looked very tasty. I have heard the menu for brunch is equally fanstastic, can't wait to go back!
I felt like a little pig when I went to over Easy. I wanted to try everything. I ofdered the jalapeno cheddar biscuits with sausage gravy, the caramel pecan brioche french toast and a side of corned beef hash.The owner saw my confusion over the array of breakfast options and he helped me along. I told him I wanted to try the above items and he suggested I get half orders of everything.  What a great idea. That way I got to try all the favorites.Clearly the winner was the brioche french toast. Loved the caramel and pecans.  Just this entree alone is worth the re-visit. The brioche was toasted on the outside but still had a "fluffy" center. The caramel sauce was terrific and the pecans were crunchy. LOVED this.Next I had the jalapeno cheddar biscuits with sausage gravy. I did not care for the biscuits, they were kind of bland. I appreciated the huge chunks of sausage in the sausage gravy. I just wish it had more pepper, which was easy to remedy.The corned beef hash was homemade. I am used to a chunkier hash, the corned beef in this hash was ground. It still had a good taste.I will have to go back and try the waffle dogs and the cherry scones.
I never eat at a place twice.  But today I did at Humble Pie. I was in town for work and the gals suggested i walk over to Humble Pie. Their 9.99 lunch special was terrific. You get a choice of 4 "half salads." I chose the delightfully fresh chopped salad. Fresh housemade mozarella, grape tomatoes, chopped lettuce that looked like romaine, salami, shredded turkey and a tasty dressing.  Everything was chopped bite size and it had such great flavor. I also got a 9 inch artichoke pizza. Artichoke, cheese, carmelized onions on a tasty chewy crust. It was the perfect lunch. My girlfriend had the veggie salad and delightful margharita pizza. The veggie salad was also topped with slices of avocado.At the end of my work day I decided to go back to Humble pie and order a large chopped salad. Delish!  I think I may even go back tomorrow.Happy hour glasses of wine are $5 each. The service was great and the lunch deals cannot be beat. The waiter passed by with a plate of lasagne, it looks wonderful, as did the spaghetti and meatballs.  Maybe next time, although the chopped salad was perfection!
Cheap NY style pizza. About 4 bucks a slice depending on topping. Had pepperoni, pepperoni and jalapeo, spinach pizza (very garlicky but tasty).  In Ellis island Casino where people watching is a special treat. No gourmet here, but perfect for the late night munchies.
Brand new place, good atmosphere. Food of fthe grill is great, sliders, steak, burger etc. Great service, Jocelyn was our server and she was super friendly and nice. Overall excellent place I would come back for sure!
Holy crap, the pulled pork was delicious. Stumbled across this place online. Decided to give it a try. Very good food, fun atmosphere, good drinks. Will be coming back if we come to Cleveland again.
Great venue. Went to see Blink 182. Drove from Dayton, OH for a getaway with my husband. Nice place, nice staff. Rented chairs for $5 and made the experience much better. Alcohol prices were insanely high, but water was permitted to be brought in. We will be returning for their fantastic lineup of artist this year.
Good food for delivery at 1:30 am. Was happy to find a place that offered more than just pizza at the late hour. Food was delivered fast and hot.
Nice safe , kids enjoyed They made separate rounds for the kids together , no adult so it's safe
Great location for Children's Hospital and visiting relatives in Bloomfield or Shadyside. Very efficient friendly staff.  Super clean and well maintained rooms. Bistro and Starbucks on site. Not a fan of mandatory valet parking but they have been great with getting us in and out.  Tons of great restaurants in area.
Had room service dining at the Concourse Hotel from Circ. I had the cubano sandwich. It was excellent. Wife had the Mac and Cheese. Great. Both agreed the fries were among the best we've ever had. Food was very tasty and well presented. Will have to visit again to dine in the restaurant. Presentation top notch.
Had great expectations for Ten Penny. Service was horrible. Kitchen forgot our appetizer. I had the meatloaf. It was excellent. 3 others had the mac n cheese and said it was average. Dessert was a disaster. 25 minutes after ordering we had to track down a manager to find out where it was. She apologized and said one of the items took 20 minutes to prepare and it would be out in a few minutes. It was 15 more. She did comp the desserts and gave us a much appreciated discount. But it doesn't make up for our experience. I would have been happier had the server been more open with us about the delays. Instead she avoided us.
Place sucks beer not cold service sucks waitress did not her beers kitchen looked dirty but plenty of TV to watch
We almost walked out because the meat wasn't organic but then they said it was at least local and freshly ground so we stayed. They were the most delicious burgers (3) that we have had for some time. JUICY is the key word! The patty was full of flavour as were the dressings. I can't remember the names but it was to be lamb and we asked him to switch to beef as we wanted the chipotle dressing. The head staff person was so friendly answering all our questions and convincing us that we would love them; and we did. I highly recommend if you are in a burger mood this place won't disappoint.In Kensington Market too!
I hope bestbuy reads this. I really do. The location is as bad as their customer service.I usually don't care. I've got money and they have a product and there should be no in between I figure but yesterday I was very angry. Where to start. I've been going there for years and usually it's excellent. I go in and out without any problems. So where to begin.. ok so I went on December 28th and was after a boxing day sale on Norton and so I bring what I thought was the right one to the counter as I figured I'd rather pay with cash. I go there, try to find it in the store which no one approached me to give me any sort of help. Nothing but indians working the floor, all they did was talk to their co-workers. After 5 or so minutes as I haven't been to bestbuy in a while and it looks like they changed the store layout subtly as I remember Norton being right out in the open in one of those displays I thought I found it as there is a few new kinds of Norton available that I didn't know of. I thought it was just "antivirus, internet security and 360" without going corporate or small business. So I bring it up to the counter and I get served BUT, now this is my favorite part. Want to know why this gets a 1 star this is it. This short skinny middle eastern or indian girl around 12:30pm on December 28th near the door (there was 2 cashiers and the other looked kind of fat I didnt look for a name tag). I'm mentioning this because it's important. She scans the Norton and says oh that will be 180$ which I had no idea there was Norton for  that much. I explained I bought the wrong one and she just says oh. Her english seemed fine. No accent like she was fresh off a plane... she just says oh in a quiet voice., didn't offer to get me the right one, didn't buzz anyone. NOPE just went on her f****ing cellphone. Some people have the hardest time finding a job and I swear she just got the job because of her ethnicity. I advise Bestbuys higher ups to fire the manager at the one outside of Scarborough town center. I can imagine after christmas we're all a little tired but that is no excuse. The people allowing applicants to get a job there is also to blame. I ended up buying Norton online so that little franchise doesn't touch my money. I will only go there if I'm absolutely desperate for a product. I hope walmart makes that bestbuy go out of business and they have to move. They are renovating and getting bigger so look out. So ok that, the staff doesn't care. We've established that. They sell electric guitars too and some of them are missing small pieces and some have strings broken off of them and they just hang from the guitars so they can get scratched and end up being returned to the companies and or sold as B-stock simply because Bestbuy isn't the place to sell guitars. I can wager 100$ that none of them know what standard tuning is, how to replace a string and or tune a guitar. A quality guitar they have to tune them every 2-4 weeks. One fender acoustic guitar needed a trussrod adjustment badly too, otherwise unfretted notes (where you press down with your fingers) buzzed like a hornets nest. Doubt it was a warped neck and kudos to bestbuy if it was. So seriously bestbuy stick to dvds, cameras and crap guitars aren't for that location. Go on kijiji and buy used guitars some people really take pride in what they sell. That and for guitar strings "stringsandbeyond.com" I highly recommend.**update**so my neighbor wanted a printer and I had to go back to this "crap hole". I walked around twice on a not so busy Wednesday afternoon and I had to walk around the really bad smelling store twice before someone finally helped me. Just close the damn place down if you don't want to hire employees to service people. This is why target and zellers went under oh and buy some febreeze. If I want to smell body odor I'll go in a gym changing room.
It's dirty, the food court is full of food that will make the mcdonalds across the road look like a clean 5 star place to bring the family. I'd rather eat big macs off of a dirty toilet seat. A double bigmac is probably less greasier too. The stuff is so low quality and faulty factory seconds that the city should fine half the vendors for littering just by placing that junk in their "shops" . It's like our wallets are going to a really low class strip club how sleazy it is there, or a trip to the dump where it smells of incense sticks and knock off cologne if you don't get a good wiff of body odor and curry going place to place (good luck) Just like the woodbine center (which I'm reviewing next) and neighborhood this is in this place really went down hill. An annoying guy going HEY HEY HEY IT'S DR FLEAS, a wall of has beens that have been in there like this or that singer, this or that wrestler that the locals would have no idea who they are. Lots of junk like this guy selling 2$ dvds that belong in the trash with no original cases or anything.. pirated movies for the cops to bust the people doing it for some last minute end of the month tickets/fines. A dirty farmers market where the fruits and vegetables will probably give you a disease or rot within days of purchase quicker then organic foods. I'd feel safer eating the produce out of a bio chemical waste dumpster. There is a reason grocery stores don't sell their produce that cheap because it will last longer than a day or two. I know times are tough, people have said it for decades. Don't be cheap and buy quality. There used to be an asian anime store, a comic book shop and a few other reasons to go back in the mid 2000s.  There is nothing there now, knock offs of everything from colognes and perfumes to clothing I don't know why half of them pay the annual vendor fee. But hey it gets them out of the house. One of my favorites is this guy in  the parking lot trying to sell used power tools. Paint on them, covered in rust.. oh heck yeah! I want it, it has character and is totally gonna last me since the first time it was plugged in Ronald Reagan was in the white house. this place serves one purpose. It's one of those places you go to with people from out of town who want the true rexdale experience without getting your car broken into. ways to improvebetter stores.. which will never happen (Thank you ebay I love you) the ONLY logical thing would be to tear it down and build a bestbuy or a few big named stores like the source, dollarama and so forth.. or turn it into a ttc subway station.
This is a tourist attraction at best. Somewhere to bring your friends who are out of town once and that's it. There is nothing but cellphone shops and bubble tea. Sure there is some spots like the convenience stores and a spice shop or this or that which I can imagine is the only place you can get certain stuff for those without paypal (or patience). But besides that it's some of the worst parking lot driving in Toronto hands down coming from a guy who has been going there on and off for about 5 years. Usually just Christmas I go there because it's the only place opened. There is 16-20 cellphone related places when I walked around the first floor. It reminds me of albion and islington how it was all gold stores on one block. You'd think after 2 were opened people would try other places. You go upstairs and just like the mall beside it, it's all places you've never heard of so you're kind of hesitant to go to any of them. The stores are all very tiny and because of the layout which could have been better you miss all the in between shops and have to weave around the place like a snail. No other mall in Toronto I've been to is this monotonous to see every shop in the place. I think besides the cellphone and glasses places all I remember is the airsoft gun store, the action figures , hello kitty stuff, some drone camera store and a very unappealing arcade and the two or three convenience stores full of stuff you probably won't find anywhere else. On the plus side if you go on a slow day it's quiet , clean and the exact opposite of a mall in a bad neighborhood. Oh and there's a mcdonalds and one of the worst dollar stores ever are in that plaza too outside of pacific mall called the cool dollar. ways to improve *a video game store for the kids - asian imports would sell well. I may have seen one there years ago but more don't hurt *bigger stores , half them are so small if you blink walking by you don't see them. More shops is not better.*the source or something similar would be nice for DIY projects *some larger franchises in there. Not just mom and pop shops that the only reason people go there are to support their people and don't mind paying the extra dollar or 50. maybe a valet or something to park your car - no not really but I know you guys laughedthe good newsthe people are all quiet and keep to themselves , a nice atmosphere the escalators work - wow! its clean you can get stuff you can't from other places like I've mentioned I'm sticking to local places, this isn't anything to do with racism just to "clarify" just there isn't anything there, there isn't "that shop" or two. I'm sticking with local places and online shopping. This place I have to go that extra mile for what seems nothing other than a change of atmosphere. Everyone locally seems to like it because the parking lot is always full but for all I know that could be the employees in that crammed place so if it wasn't for that I'd level the place and make it "pacific" stop on the RT station so it would make it easier for kids to go to college/university or STC. Anyways see you guys christmas when nothing else is opened.
for THIS location a 1 star. I love pizza pizza but just like this one I was at downtown the employees ruin it. I've been going to pizza pizza for over 15 years and I really like their pizza, their creamy garlid sauce I'd buy constantly if they sold it in stores how much I like it. Anyone local knows that Licks does this so why not them as they are both Ontario based companies. They are opened really late so it's fantastic for anyone getting off work or coming home from the bar, they will cook anything you want on the menu too and it's not too long or not too fast. The location is easy to find and there is always parking. however..1- they are dirty, every half hour or when things slow down how hard is it to go out and spray the tables. 2- it's been -15 to -28 the week I've been writing this...AND.. they don't have any heat on. I ate a pizza there and could practically see my breath. Anyone looking in would think we're smoking and go wow what badasses.3- they got all the seasonings out but no tabasco sauce or anything special The owner seems like a cheapskate for 2 reasons now. 4-the employees are ALL indian. the odd this or that. I don't care where you're from I hate you all the same if you're an idiot. But a bunch of things come to mind. The first is the employees don't know the menu well and have probably never eaten there. They all have that thick fresh off the boat accent "do you want it baked or fried" sounded like do you want bacon or fries. I grew up in the west end and either I'm losing my touch or they are really that incomprehensible. Both of which I really question the guy hiring everyone if it is based on skill or just they match his pigmentation.The mcdonalds next door should hire him and strip him of any power (no i've never considered a job there and this isn't spite. I'm glad this place got smaller where chicken joy took a few of the dirty tables saturated in pizza slop away from the "qualified" employees. I'm glad taco bell came and is taking some of their business and I swear their late hours and the beer store are the only thing keeping them in business. I avoid this place like the plague as there is ALWAYS a bum asking for a dollar (not change) outside and they don't have the balls to tell them to shoo or the imitative to phone security. No its a pay cheque for them and they don't care. I hope they go belly up like that dollar store by nofrills. ways to improve1- clean your restaurant, it's way easier than finding another job. If I owned the place and saw how filthy it was I'd fire whoever is in charge of the windex bottle.2- turn the heat  on! if its cold outside and we can see our breath that has to be a health code violation. We as customers like the option of sitting down. You know.. having a conversation in restaurants without freezing to the table before our pizza is cooked right? 3- hire people who know the food ..there is 6 apartments nearby easily and I'm sure some of them know the difference between bacons, what a canoli is and so forth.4- don't be cheap with napkins, put out a bottle of hot sauce or 3 and you know you bean counting managers are cheap.
the place is dirty. It seems that it would be safer to eat food off the floor in an operating room in a hospital. I'd probably stick to bottled beer if I had to. The men's washrooms were disgusting the two or three times I went. My favorite time was when The urinals were covered in what looked like a mixture of vomit and salmon chunks. The bar is filled with scruffy, greasy haired, rambling patrons that stagger in and out of the bar with their gravel toned chain smoking voices, The only thing good I can say about the food was how good the nachos were. the area is horrible, lots of homeless people and drug addicts you'll encounter if you keep your car at home and just want to get drunk. Don't be surprised to be asked for spare change multiple times within minutes. The homeless walk up and down the streets asking the same people over and over again for spare change. the management / employees are very rude and stuck up, i did not feel welcomed, none of the employees seemed they enjoyed their jobs. The staff needs to understand that you have to be nice  to the people to get them to come back. i went there to check out some local bands and the shows played there are very hit and miss, one show i went to went off without a hitch. The second one they had trouble assembling one guys drum kit. I asked my friends in bands seeing if they would play there again and they refused to how unprofessional they were treated. Some bands struggle to get shows once a month let alone once a week and for them to refuse says something. I'll agree with another person in the comments saying that the sound guy(s) are terrible how they mixed the instruments it all sounded like sludge. The velvet underground , rockpile and a bunch of other places do a much better job. Maybe they are new for all I know at doing live shows as I've never heard of the sisters place people are mentioning but if the crew assembling the gear and all cannot do their jobs either fire them and get new people who will probably want more money (oh no) or turn it into a karaoke bar or something. all in all I'm never going again unless some friend in a band begs me to go and i've got absolutely no better plans ways to improveclean the place regularly treat the customers / bands betterfire the sound guys and the ones helping assembling / mixing the instruments if more people comment on this
We were expecting a bed and box spring today. They rang 3 rings and we called them back. No one answered. I checked my tracking number on walmart as it was getting late and I needed to go places. So I checked my order status as they used canpar as their shipping service and they claimed no one was home. There was 3 others home. We called technical support to complain even writing down the number that called as you'd think it would be more official like CANPAR or Walmart coming up on the call history on the phone or something.. but no. We asked the girl about the number and she played dumb. Seriously Walmart stick with canada post. I have at least 20-30 parcels arrive monthly from them. But they aren't as bad as frontier shipping that's for sure.
They are getting better since the last time I went there last year as I'm an online shopper now. The last guitar I bought there had a warped neck that was in the used section. Not going to say what the exact model is but I'll never buy a guitar there again. in experience the employees don't know enough. Friendly .. yes. I asked them for quick connect cables one year for some EMG 81/85 pickups (I know boring) and the guy looked at me blankly and so many of the guys working there mention kijiji. They make no effort to stand up for the prices in the shop when moms and dads of rockstars want a deal as smoking hot as their kids licks they belt out from a tab site. Not to say that you can walk all over them and get prices we want but every single time I go in there I check out the selections and so forth and I'm surprised they don't get fired for mentioning kijiji or other similar sites.I find their selection to be boring. About a year ago they even got rid of the used rack so there is even less guitars. I wonder how much longer this location will be around.  It took them years to get 7 and 8 string guitars in. I didn't see 7 string D'Addario packs for 2-3 years of me going there. The pickup selection is ok at best. Pickups, strings and plectrums (picks) are the 3 best sellers in any shop it's hard to disagree but 90% of the time they either will have to order you that Seymour Duncan Black Winter or EMG 66, as they are dealers of their parts. String wise.. rotosound, d'addario, gibson, dean markley (garbage) , GHS and Ernie Ball. Apparently Dunlop makes long and mcquade brand strings but even so it's just the basic one kind of each. Material matters. I have steel on one guitar for this, pure nickel on another guitar for that. Their parts selection was awful and because of it I'm an online shopper. Again I could always ask them to order crap but it's not hard to "figure out" their distributors to do it myself. Allparts for example you may see something on and have an excuse to go there (long and mcquade to order from allparts) because shipping from their warehouse is expensive and they actually turn down orders under X amount but long and mcquade does orders even if they are 1$. I had to actually put a down payment on two screws for the back of a floyd rose locking nut on an RG350. The guy gave me 10 cents back from my deposit and I joked with him saying excellent I can buy a gibson or two with this and he didn't like that.The owners or guys deciding what gets in at corporate level making the big decisions are of it is that they are stuck in the golden ages of the 50s to 70s. I mean sure Gibson. Fender and PRS everyone thinks are untouchable and only they can make guitars but there is so many great guitar brands out there that won't break the bank  I'm sure they will make as much money distributing enough Jackson , ESP/LTD, Dean, Schecter, Washburn guitars for the metal community. One guy had the balls to tell a friend of mine that a les paul was a metal guitar. ways to improvediversify, not just 50 year olds shop at long and mcquade.have a little box and if enough people suggest a product bring it in and again..diversity is key. Don't target one customer base and only that. in the end I'm sticking to ebay and kijiji though. I'm done with L&M and only go there when I'm desperate
I'm all for change but when Zellers left so did all the life and soul of that dilapidated mall. The escalators constantly are failing The movie theater stunk of old pop corn, the seats were stiff and uncomfortable, they aren't even trying with the power points before the show I swear every answer was D, either someone was lazy or had their mind somewhere elseEB games.. gone (or moved) the rock shirt store...gone, it was cool because Jerry used to order stuff in back before I started importing my own stuff zellers ..gone (it wasnt that great though) HMV / Sunrise records ..gone (who buys records though) avacus which was there in the mid 2000s made great chinese food.the only thing going for woodbine is cheap movies , the dollar store, fair for parents who are too cheap to bring their kids to wonderland or fusia makes really good mall chinese food too. Now it's a light up and glorified track to walk around with strangers. I bet the wishing well under the ferris wheel makes more than some of the stores and keeps the owner owning that beautiful property the woodbine racetrack should buy. It shall meet the same fate as rexdale mall.
I've eaten there once in the past when I moved to the eastern side of the city and lets face it this place is in walking distance and looks like it's been there since 1977 so it must be good. the prices are pretty good6.70 - 8$ combos before taxes (as of january 2015) dinners aren't too bad either. the area is by this dive of a bar and it's tedious to get there unless you are driving. Taco Bell, pizza pizza or anything within a small walk of there makes sense. But this place you've got to go the extra mile where it's a chore (like subway is when writing this review). When you walk in the floor needs to be steam cleaned and the place is just awkward looking. There is some space in the back but I haven't a clue what it's supposed to be for. More seating perhaps? I would renovate the place asap. The atmosphere is as dingy and dilapidated as the hotels near by. My personal favorite there was a door leaning on the wall over in the background. Hopefully it's just there temporarily but it didn't look it.'s just leaning in the hallway the employees run out of to greet the customers. the staff was friendly, my food came fast.. in fact too fast. I was worried. I got a #3 which was around 9$, chicken fried rice, chicken chow mein, bbq pork slices and some ribs. I was ok with the price Oriental express near regular lawrence station is fantastic and that is what I pay there but you get half as much food here at peking garden.  I was really looking forward to a new chinese food place to go to instead of the regular stuff as we need contrast. Before I start my review I've been eating chinese food for close to 25 years and I probably eat it once a week. I know good chinese food when I see it. The chicken fried rice - either it was greasier than mcdonalds if that is possible or soaked in soy sauce to compensate for spices. My mother never saw such brown chicken fried rice in her life. I can imagine if I got sweet and sour it would have made a difference though. But it was slimy and too moist.  There was viable amounts of chicken so it wasn't too awful. This has potential but seriously the chefs, look around see how people are doing it. More restaurants and competition out there means we don't have to settle for crappy rice. Maybe there is some people out there but ask for options. I don't care for chow mein I gave it to my mother which she enjoyed. To cut corners they filled half this tray with it which I wasn't too thrilled about as I despise chow mein. I could have ordered other stuff but I was in the mood for pork and bit the bullet. the ribs - they were dry and flavorless with maybe 2-3 bites of meat on them. Swiss challet makes better ribs and I don't care for them either.. in fact how dry they were either they were sitting there all day (went at 6pm) or they nuked them on high in a microwave which is upsetting. I don't mind waiting but that was disgraceful. I can microwave ribs from costco, food basics or nofrills and get more flavor and sauce myself.. in fact the sauce may have been good on the rice.the BBQ pork slices - dry , flavorless. It was like I was eating with the flu. I forced myself to eat them. Again nuked in the microwave. all in all I probably paid 9$ for a tv dinner to be made by strangers for me and some really half "arsed" rice and a sickly amount of chow mein. I'm sticking with lucky or golden chopsticks which are other local places.
I've been here twice so far as I was getting tired of taco bell, sushi never fills you up for under 10$ and shang hai 360 so I figured I'd give this place a shot. I've ordered the #3 there twice so far and it's really good. You have many options what to go with your combo as well. As everyone would say the garlic fries are worth the trip there. The location is easy to find and I honestly feel sorry for all the people who would rather go to mcdonalds downstairs instead of trying something new as there is from Greek / Mediterranean to Japanese in the food court so the people ordering just big macs they can get down the road are totally missing out. the prices work considering how much food you get, the beef and chicken is good.  Again many options for what you want, you get the food very fast too. ways to improve to get that prestigious five starlabel the side dishes behind the glass I remember the first time i went there i pointed to the stuff, the girl was patient enough to figure out what I wanted though. a website would be great to get to know the menu a bit better like taco bell has and all I would offer combos with just the garlic fries, beef , chicken or ribs and a drink as the two massive scoops of white rice can get sickly and I end up throwing the last scoop but still the food is good and I'd recommend it.I've yet to try the japanese place but this place and shang hai depending on my cravings are my top 2 as Machnu Wok puts way too much spice and flavor into their foods. Usually this would be a complement but go there and find out what I mean.
S/o to Romello ask for him when you go. Good sized gym with everything including basketball court .
Absolutely loved this place. A little spendy but left very full and the price was worth the quality of food and wine that we received! Service was also amazing! Will definitely be returning. Would recommend the wine flights too, they were a really good deal. Oh and get the lobster bisque , you won't regret it.
So we called a cab, after 30 mins they said they arrived. We found the green cab and after talking to the cab driver he said he had to talk to dispatch and he drove away. Worst part was that I sat on the curb while waiting, no big deal... But I actually sat in someone's puke. Well the green cab driver bailed and green cab said they would put us back on the waiting list for a ride... Ummm hello we should be the next available ride.. But no we had to take an uber which was 2 times the rate. Anyways, probably won't ever take green cab again.
Atmosphere of stable pub is awesome and food has been really good! Also ordered for pickup and they were pretty quick would recommend
Overall the neutering went well. When picking our pup up it took about an hour for them to start bringing out the animals & was very disorganized. The incision itself though seemed well done- so I think for the price it was worth it to go here over the  vet.
When it comes to going to the dealership to get work done I'm not sure that anyone looks forward to the experience (it's up there with exploratory dental surgery). Usually the process involves tears and capitulation as you await repairs, and find out just how painful that repair cost will be to put that old car back on the road. T&C offers a few things to at least attempt to make the experience better. Theres an espresso machine in the lobby, tv, wifi and a kids play area. So load up on the caffeine! It's factored into your bill. Like Tom Petty used to proclaim, the waiting is the hardest part. In this case, bring a book for the waiting room. Otherwise the tv loops clips from talk shows and pop-tv news broken up by  short Toyota propaganda films. You will end up laughing at Steve Harvey and Jimmy Kimmel punch lines all while being subconsciously convinced "I NEED A NEW PRIUS"....Don't say I didn't warn you.  There's free wifi. If it's been a while since your last identity theft have at it. The waiting room lobby is next to the gift shop so load up on your Toyota merchandise. If you see anything you like, try autozone.T&C provides a complimentary car wash after the service is completed. These washes probably are not the best idea if you care about the quality of your cars exterior. But if it's an older car, then why not? It's a free wash.When I got to my car I notice that my change is no longer there. It's only change, but I'd like it to still be there when I get my car back, but hey maybe someone needed spending money for the drink machine. I guess George Washington and his pals deemed my center console to no longer be an adequate home. As for the work that was done, the routine service was done as expected. No issues there. (Had to give a couple stars for at least getting that right).The silver lining is that this is a Toyota dealership so I have plenty of other options to keep me from having to come back here. In conclusion, I'd say if you visit T&C they will get the work done, just make sure to take your change with you.
I've visited a few times for lunch and really have been impressed with this place. I had the burgers and the fish and chips. The portion sizes were very good, being that they didn't seem too small or too much food. The sides and apps were very good as well. Parking can be a challenge for those unfamiliar with the area but it is not overly difficult even in busy times. The restaurant is positioned at the stop light on Main Street, so a window seat provides the opportunity for patrons to take in the uniqueness of the Davidson community while dining. I wish that I was able to speak to their dinner menu, but I haven't experienced that yet. All in all this is a great restaurant and if you are in the area and haven't been before it is definitely worth a try.
The wine bar has a nice selection of wines, albeit a little on the expensive side. The service was decent although flagging down someone for another glass at times can be a bother. This seemed to be an issue for tables that were further from the bar. It was also nice to have the store right next door now as opposed to being across the street.
Went back to check things out since it's been a while and definitely seemed generic and not worthy of going back. You have to beg someone to serve you something and if that's the case, there's just far too many other options available. The draft selection seemed overwhelming. Save the time and just go directly to Ass Clown, Tribal, or D9.
Visited Viva Chicken for lunch today, and I've been very excited to try this restaurant as one is coming to my area. I had the Great, and it was. I have to say going in hungry when the food came to the table I wasn't sure it would be enough, but let me assure you it was. The portions are very filling and I have to certainly recommend trying their sauces that they make available at the soda station. The building itself is small and this place gets lots of lunch time action. I will also mention staff is attentive and the kitchen crew got orders out quickly. I am now very excited about the new location in North CLT/ Concord opening as this will give me a welcomed option to Chipotle.
I was interested in replacing a watch battery and had just checked with Jareds (quoted me $70 battery and $30 shipping). That wasn't going to happen for a fossil watch, sorry. I visited the store and staff was courteous and assisted me with finding the battery I needed. The price was very fair. They mentioned also that they have a battery replacement plan as well. I had previously visited this batteriesplus location to replace a power wheels battery again a great experience. Highly recommend this business.
I've been a few times and I would say if you've never been before it is worth stopping in. The beer isn't bad. That said the issue is that it also isn't anywhere near the best either. There are so many local breweries around and factor in that prices are high here I'd recommend many of the other local spots ahead of this one. D9, Ass Clown and Cabarrus. Or if you head to Charlotte- Sycamore, Wooden Robot, Unknown, Birdsong, NoDa or Olde Meck. Point is there are just too many choices that are far better.As for 26A the atmosphere is nice and very spacious. The feel of the place is great as it is very aesthetically pleasing and has a chill vibe. I've always felt this is the kind of place you could come have a beer with friends and bring the kids, or stop by when your parents are in town. The staff is very pleasant. All the right ingredients seem to be in place. The beer just seemed ho-hum. Charlotte really caters to IPA so if that's not for you this place offers you some options.
Great selection of plants and I was especially pleased with the selection of trees on hand. I went solely with the intention of just buying soil and ended up with a tree and a couple of plants. Pricing did seem on the expensive side, however, the quality was stellar and service was helpful.
The burrito mejor is great! This is a great Davidson restaurant that provides excellent food without a lot of fuss. I appreciate that they offer most every hot sauce known to man to take with you to your table. They offer chips and salsa with meals and the baked chips are really good. Depending on what you order you may not get to the chips. The restaurant offers fountain drinks, beer (local craft beer varieties), margaritas, maybe wine (I stick with the fountain drink option).  Seating is available both inside, or outside. It is nice sitting outside if the weather is corporative. If you're in the area and looking for a quick date option, or someplace that can accommodate the family this might just be your place. It's not that expensive so definitely worth a try!
Absolutely loved this place. The decor was dimly lit and perfect for a meet up with friends or a dinner for your couples night out. I had the pork shank and it was fantastic. As for the mixed drinks those were another hit. Will definitely be back!
Picked up a variety of the juices today to try. They are not cheap but I found they also have markdowns available in the fridge. I will say I like the idea of adding a little healthy to the diet and all things considered it wasn't bad. I wish the price was lower and would definitely consider buying more if it were. At the current price I find it to be more of a novelty for me as I'm not one that can afford this type of splurge. It is like Whole Foods to me in the sense that I'm sure it provides value add worthy of the price, it's just a little too much a stretch for my budget. As for the drink I thought it was good and afterward I felt full and satisfied. A placebo??? Maybe, but I wasn't upset by my purchase and would likely go back. I felt the staff were courteous and welcoming. With so many junk food options available I am happy to have this option available just wish it wasn't as expensive so I could buy larger quantities.
This is my 5th visit  to this spot. Other visits did  not necessarily disappoint....  however, tonight's dinner/ happy hour was lack luster, to the point that I question coming back. Service was slower than usual, and drinks took FOREVER to arrive. Excuse, upon excuse later..... our drinks arrive and orders are taken. 3 sushi rolls, 1 order calamari, and a kid's  lo mein. Lo mein was flavor less, under seasoned(daughter  barely touched it, she normally finishes  her plate). Sushi was not as delicious  as we remember.  Calamari NEVER CAME.  I'm so bummed as this place is literally a minute from my house. To  make matters worse, second round of drinks took easily 12-15 mins to arrive..... didn't even have anything to numb the pain from this sad, sad experience. I don't know if I'll return, this visit  sure let me down. I guess I'll have to find a new sushi spot nearby.
Another place that I've been dying to try! I finally made it in and am so glad I did. I had a vegan Monte Cristo on gluten free bread, with a side of potato salad.  It was so delicious  and satisfying,  didn't even miss the lack of meat(or gluten)! I also enjoyed a latte(dairy free) with my meal. A touch pricey, but not bad considering the quality of the ingredients. I'll be back, and maybe next time I'll get a chance to check out the store attached with all the healthy goodies they sell!
First time to this location.  We were sat quickly,  even on a busy Friday night when the dining room appeared  packed. Our server was friendly,  prompt, and efficient.  We ordered a 16" white with garlic pizza topped with ricotta and it did not disappoint! My daughter and I absolutely loved it! I'm looking forward to my left overs for sure. At 19$ for a pizza, this was definitely a splurge for us.... but absolutely worth it! This would have been a 5 star visit if it weren't for all of the chaos in the location. I typically visit the Casa Paloma location, the layout  of that one allows  you to relax a bit more, seating here felt cramped and forced. I'll be back for the pizza, not the ambience.
I really enjoyed this place. Such a neat concept. Simple menu with pho, spaghetti, rice bowls and a few side/ appetizer items. On this visit my daughter and I ordered the meatballs spaghettina and the mozzarella sticks. The spaghetti sauce is of their own creation, infused with Asian flavors sauted with pork, onion, and mushrooms..... unique, but delicious. Spaghetti noodles were prepared well with good texture, as were the meatballs. The mozzarella sticks tasted home made with bold flavor, I was very pleased. The owner/ chef was very personable and takes a lot pf pride on his work and business. Bowl To Go gets a big thumbs up and 5 stars from me, I'll definitely be back.
I came in today with my daughter, I had a gel manicure, and my daughter had a polish change. Everyone was super friendly and we did not have to wait long. My daughter's polish change was done first, I do not remember the technician's name, but she was very friendly and patient. My daughter  is only 5 years old, so she doesn't necessarily sit still for long. The polish cahnge was great, even with my daughter's tiny fingers, they were still painted neatly, and filed well. My gel manicure was awesome. I am super picky with my nails, and Stephanie did a great job. It has been a long time since I've had such nice work done. The gel was applied neatly, none of it got stuck to my skin. It is nice and smoothe like it's supposed to be, no ripples or bubbles. They are perfect... And my cuticles were clipped and pushed well, no bleeding or soreness! I will be back, I'm so happy I found this place.
I have loved IKEA since I was a kid. This location is no exception.  I love the affordability, quality, and design. I've gotten everything from house ware, furniture, bedding and decor from IKEA.  I'm never disappointed with my purchase. Always great customer service from employees,  and you can't beat the 2$ Breakfast! Yes, if you didn't know, IKEA has a cafe for breakfast and lunch... and it's fantastic! If you've never been, come check IKEA out!
I've been exploring plant based food options lately,  to broaden my dining horizon.... and I stumbled upon this neat restaurant. I believe they once had a food truck, but now have this spot within Agritopia' s grounds. Everyone working was friendly and knowledgeable on the menu and food choices. I had a vegan burger, with a side salad, and a ginger brew to drink. I was pleasantly surprised. Growing up a carnivore, I was never into faux  burgers, but boy did I enjoy this one! I'll be back the next time I'm craving a healthy, plant based meal!
This place is so delicious! I don't think I'll ever be able to have fish and chips anywhere else again. I had the 3 fish combo with dirty#2 (truffles and parmesan) chips with European Mayo, and tartar sauce for dipping. I never knew something so simple could be so amazing! Portions are filling, everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. Breading on fish was light and flavorful, chips we're crisp on the outside while being soft and fluffy inside. I'll make sure to make this a regular stop whenever I visit Vegas.
Delicious vegan and vegetarian food. By no means am I either one, but I love vegetables. I had the spicy almond cheese stuffed peppers and the hummus appetizer. Both were amazing, also the pita bread they use is some of the best I have ever had. Plus I love how they get  their ingredients fresh from local sources.
3-18-13 Visited this place for the first time today with my daughter. I found them on groupon. I ordered an iced Mexican mocha, never heard of that drink and decided to try it out. It was pretty good, different, but good. I also ordered my daughter a mini chocolate pie. She liked it a lot. Very cute place, I wish it was cozier inside though (very open, modern and artsy). Its kind of tucked away around the corner but still easy to find. Can't wait to try another drink next time, it is a nice change from Starbucks. Update 3-19-13 tried their version of the white chocolate mocha and it was awesome!
Keep in mind folks, its not supposed to be authentic Mexican food. 5 stars for the all around good experience. We were seated promptly, service was fast and friendly (we made it for the last 15 minutes of happy hour!) Ordered pork nachos, Chambord margarita, duck relleno, and Mac and cheese. All the food was tasty, and the margarita was strong! Love the cornbread too. Have to warn you, the food is very HEAVY, delicious, but heavy. Reasonably priced, great service. I will return.
Terrible service from this location. No one put in our appetizer order that we immediately gave to one of our 3 servers that was supposedly "taking care" of us. After waiting close to 20 minutes, our daughter's meal came out which we ordered with our dinners well after the appetizer. We ordered, onion strings and jalapeos so we knew even with a backed up kitchen, there's no way it would take that long for our appetizer. At this point, we didn't want our dinners sitting under heat lamps for 15 more minutes while they try to make us an appetizer. We had our 3rd server who claimed to also be "talking care" of us check on the food situation, and he let us know that one of the servers must have forgotten to enter our appetizer since it wasn't in the system at all.  We made sure to cancel that order. Then the first server, the one who neglected to put our order in correctly in the first place, had the nerve to come tell us that she will make sure that the appetizer does not go on our bill. Like we were going to pay for food we never received. The rest of the food came out, just a couple burgers. It was decent, consistent chili's quality. At least the kitchen was doing their job correctly. Not once during our dinner were we checked on. We even had an EMPTY beer and margarita and we were not offered or asked if we wanted another round or asked how our food was. Plus the server looked so inconvenienced when we asked for the check. We are not picky or rude people, so I really do not understand the horrible service.... I am in the service industry and even waited tables in the past, and I would never even imagine giving a guest as horrible of an experience as we received at this particular Chili's. Save your money, do not go to this location. There are  plenty of other food options near the Chandler mall.Advice for Chili's: 2-3 servers  for one table is excessive and unnecessary. Someone drops the ball at some point, which clearly happened on this occasion. The guest ends up with a terrible experience which they tell all their friends and Yelp about.... And your 3 servers get to share a NOT so generous tip.
Nice clean place. Very friendly, polite staff. My daughter and I came in and I had a gel manicure, and my daughter had a regular manicure. My daughters manicure was great, mine was good except the tech got gel on my cuticles and on my fingertips, which was annoying since I chose a dark color.  Also the gel was applied too thick so it did not cure properly in some spots (visible rippling in the gel).  On the positive note, the place is super clean and prices are excellent !  I may try again just for a pedicure.
This is right next door to my work. Great healthy alternative for a snack or a drink. My favorite is the buzz and the toxin flush.... Both I add extra ginger. The acai bowls and the pitaya bowl are also delicious, and very filling. Be forewarned, they are very busy, and since all these items are made to order.... You may have to wait a while. However, I've never had to wait more than 15mins even when its packed.
I'm surprised at the horrendous ratings. This place isn't bad. Maybe better than average, but not bad. The pizza is actually good, and the service friendly.  My only gripe is the long wait times.  And that's for pick up, I can't imagine how long they would take for delivery. On our last 2 visits,  we waited an hour for our food to be ready. It was tasty, and cooked as we requested.
Excellent service, very fresh sushi. I ordered salmon sashimi, salmon roe sushi, sea urchin sushi, and a Viva Las Vegas roll. I also thought it was really cool how they have a camera above the sushi chef's station so you can watch on one of the TV's the food being prepared. Great experience overall.
Came here for lunch today with my mom. We were sat right away, and our server came to the table almost immediately. The food was tasty, and pretty big portions (even mom's plate which was off the lunch menu was huge).  Fast friendly service! In past visits, service wasn't always stellar (could've even considered it as bad).... But today we had a good experience. I'm happy we gave them another shot!
Had a taro milk tea with boba here. Very tasty, well priced, and boba texture was just right. No grainy, hard or soggy boba pieces at all!
UPDATE 6/24/14I had a check in offer I decided to use tonight for dinner. I called in my order to pick up, and once I arrived everyone was cheery and welcoming, and the very helpful young lady that was working the other night helped me out again. Even more awesome, she remembered my daughter and I! Had the chicken pita and garlic fries, and they were delicious! Had to add the 5th star! Great experience tonightOriginal ReviewMy daughter and I had dinner here a few days ago. It was our first visit, and we really enjoyed the food. We shared a gyro pita, Greek fries, and boneless bbq wings. We ate in, the food was made quickly....the only reason it's 4 stars and not 5, is when the kitchen staff rang the bell for the front of the house staff to pick up the food(there was a ton of food ready in the window btw), the one who was NOT busy did not immediately check to see what was ready to go bring it out.... Pretty much waited around a few minutes not doing anything. There were at least 3 other families in the dining room waiting for their food, plus I know they had some call in / to go orders also waiting. So, kudos to the kitchen, and the young lady who helped us out and took our order, perhaps the other employee was just having an off day. Or maybe she's the reason for the other reviews on here saying their to go/ delivery order took forever? Either way I'll be returning(for now), because the food is delicious!
Great place for boba tea, smoothies, and juices. They're kind of tucked away, along the same strip as Tom's Bbq and Thai Dressing. I stumbled upon this place after filling my water containers at the water and ice in the same corner. They had an A frame on the street pointing where they were..... Since I'm a sucker for cafes of all sorts, I decided to try them out. I have been happy with everything I've gotten there. Usually will get the taro tea with boba, but have also tried a couple smoothies and juices. I heard they're gonna start making "snow" too, with different flavors and topping options. I'm excited to give that a try when they have it. To top it off I have received excellent service from this place every visit, from every employee. Absolutely 5 stars from me!
This review is for my most recent experience. I called ahead yesterday to make sure the new phone I wanted to pick up was available. I spoke to Brittany she said they had it in stock, and told me to ask for her when I arrive, so I headed down on my way. On my way down I called AT&T to make sure I was eligible for an upgrade, and I was:-). Upon arriving I asked for Brittany, she helped me immediately and had the phone ready right away. Everything was done and switched over within 15 minutes. I purchase a new phone about once a year, and this was the easiest and most pleasant phone buying experience I've had in a long time.
Amazing food, was finally able to take and upload photos. Fast and friendly service. I love this place!
I used to love this place, however, the last 2 visits have been a huge let down. When things go as they should, the drinks are delicious! My last 2 visits though have been a disappointment. Last week, they ran out of most of their ingredients they use to make the drinks. Some of which were the green tea, coffee, and the worst part, the BOBA! Out of the 3 of us in my party, only my daughter was able to get a drink, since they still had all the ingredients to make hers. A few days ago, I gave it another shot. I asked for extra boba in my Matchacha, which is an up charge (that I'm normally ok with) but it didn't seem like there were any extra added. This isn't the first time I felt like they didn't add my "extra boba" which I paid for, but this definitely verified that I wasn't just going crazy the last few times it happened. They've also made drinks incorrectly for us in the past, which they are very reluctant to remake, and in some instances the remade ones still don't come out right:-( I really wanted to love this place, but unfortunately, I won't be back. There are other boba places in the valley that have more consistent quality.
Such a great place for Boba and lunch. They have a huge selection of drinks available, and  toppings/add ins to choose from. They also have a food menu with small plates and snacks. Very affordable and great quality food and drinks! Quick tip: closed on Mondays, and will only accept card payment for  OVER 10$.
My daughter and I had the $10 lunch special, some salmon roe sushi, and a las Vegas roll. Great price, fast friendly service, and the sushi was good considering there is no ocean near by!
I came here with my daughter for lunch one Saturday. We made it just before the lunch rush, so we were sat, and tended to quickly. My daughter ordered mac and cheese,  I had the mushroom masala pasta, and a bowl of the coconut chicken curry soup. The food was outstanding, the blend of flavors unique and delicious.  Portions were satisfying without being too big. Friends have been telling me to visit  Perfect Pear Bistro for quite some time now, and I'm glad I finally did. I can't wait to come back and try  more of their menu!
Only $20 for their standard pedicure! This includes all the necessities, plus a really good massage (even with some hot stones). My nail tech very meticulously worked on my nails, she was extremely thorough and professional. I was very happy with my service! BTW, my nails are difficult to paint because they are so small, and she still did an awesome job painting them. I rarely ever get pedicures because I am so picky with the quality, but today they did an awesome job! I'll be back.
I've had decent car washes from this place before.... But the wash I got today was not worth the money. I was in a rush and didn't have the time to thoroughly inspect the wash till i got home. There was still blue soap spots in some areas, the wheel wells were still dirty, and there were random unclean spots on the car. Disappointing. I will not be returning.
Good food, very affordable. Fast friendly service. Excellent for lunch, and also have kids meals(perfect sized portions for my 6 year old!) I just wish they stayed open later most of the week. They close at 3 nearly every day, but Friday they close at 6.
We have had both pigeon and bee issues. Rich has been responsive, knowledgeable, and on the ball. I give him my best recommendation.
I love having the same dental hygienist every time I visit Siena Dental. Libby is extremely personable, caring and makes me feel like family. My cleanings are quick and efficient. I'm enrolled in their happy smiles program.
While searching for Peruvian food nearby, Aroma came up so we wanted to give it a try. It was quiet and near closing time on a Sunday night which was great for us. Food was prepared quickly and we had the pleasure to meet and speak with chef Oscar. We ventured out of our comfort zones to try the black ink squid, which can be an acquired taste at first but easier to enjoy when chef says the ink is shipped from Spain, I would say it's a delicacy. He receives so many fresh produce from other countries, including the delicious peppers that were in our Lomo Saltado. Chef Oscar is very passionate about the art of cooking and you can tell he wants to improve in every way possible. He loves teaching children about eating healthy and customizes his dishes to be a delicious, healthy option. I look forward to returning for flamenco and salsa classes!
I've had a difficult time finding the right love seat for my living room but I finally found it at the west Ashley Furniture location. I was greeted by the extremely helpful and friendly Michelle who knew my taste exactly.  She was patient and understood my budget. I recommend everyone visit the Sahara and Ft. Apache location to find your furnishing needs fulfilled by Michelle!
I've been to Coopers Old Time BBQ in Texas. Both locations. McKoys beats it. Yup, I said it. Wow! I had the Pit Smoked Pot Roast (lunch menu). Can you say Heaven? I did. Perfect. Color, texture, flavor. I opted for the Carolina sauce (vinegar based). It enhances the flavor of the meat as if that was even possible!! The sides were plentiful and delicious. I asked for the spicy pinto beans and potato salad but the star was the meat. HUGE portion (honestly we are on the road all this week so we stopped at a Flying J, bought hamburger buns and dug into the best leftover beef dinner we could've asked for later that night). My trusty travel partner JD got the  BBQ chicken and ate all but a smidgen of it. He says it was moist, perfectly cooked and just the right smokey flavor. Now the staff. Meh. As we walked in the hostess mumbled something and took off around the corner. JD told me "I think she wants us to follow her" so we did. Thank goodness she took us to a table and wasn't going on a break. She would've had two strangers hanging with her on her break. Our waitress was slow and we asked for extra napkins (which seems silly since it's a BBQ place so they should just bring extra). We never got them so we used the lemon from our iced tea and the table water to wash our hands. Hey, we make do.  So because the food was SO incredible- they get a 4.  A 5 would've been easy but the staff blew it.
top shelf indeed. great ambiance for eating and watching various sporting events on their tv screens. employees are amicable and flexible towards customers. neighborhood also enhances our favorite sports bar and grill in phoenix.
Lite and airy like Cibo's! They are rated #5 in the United States of America! Enuff said! lip smaking pizza indeed! Where is my Stella Artois  or Peroni beer?
Da best in America! Where else can you proceed in a military right face, and side step to the cash register - without thinking to yourself - "did I just order all of the delicious toppings for NO ADDED charge"? Hmmmmmmm, and to savor the idea of anticipation - as to the miniscule amount of time that has elapsed - before - "We have liftoff Houston"! The gourmet pizza from Fired Pie is like the Terminator stating ******* I'LL BE BACK! After one trip to any Fired Pie evokes images in your rem sleep - of going back again & again! If Fired Pie evah has their pizzas flown to the U.S.S Enterprise - our military will support them forevermore. It is a brave new world folks - try it & let us know - what ya tink???????
Tom Flower is a humanistic & practical small business owner - that strives to achieve optimum results for ALL of his customers! Tom & I go a long way back - since I relocated to Phoenix in the year 1998! He is so flexible - that a LAYAWAY plan is optional for customers - @ the Futon Favorite! Best wishes to Tom Flower - for continued success by using foresight versus hindsight!
This place even has/had two rare baseball icons on the wall. Pete Rose & Roberto Clemente were  two of my fab five baseball greats. The other three were Nolan Ryan, Ozzie Smith & former N.Y.Yankees great Reggie Jackson. I am almost in shock as to the sheer size of this dynamic antique mall. You can spend a few hours here and still not decide as to what goodies you want! I purchased two wall art items - one from Norman Rockwell, and the other a scene from Venice Italy. Not to mention a pristine Pittsburgh Penguins hockey hat. & soon they might secure a fourth Stanley Cup Championship Trophy for 2016! if you go to this place - I know that another return trip is automatic. Happy hunting folks!
finding top shelf shoes can't get any better than last chance. I recognize that it is either #1 or #2 for most women in the valley to shop. the other is my sister's closet. anyway for men the selection of top designer shoes such as mephisto's, cole haan, Donald Pliners, etcetera are stocked at sometimes lightly used condition. all footwear is my game at last chance. clothes are AS IS - meaning beware. nordstroms rack, my sisters closet, well suited for men, and a second look are for non feet apparel. feets don't fail me now!
Greetings & salutations to all Phoenix residents! This is the apex for custom eyewear, especially sunglasses for me. I purchased two pair of sunglasses & the owner Tommy Libert is dynamic. They will even offer a Layaway plan to enhance business capital. They have an optometrist available, for any comprehensive eye test deemed appropriate.
the finest walking shoes for dress & casual wear. new balance are the best for sports activities. check with a podiatrist, and they will reveal the truth!
I am a former military servicemember, & have not encountered ANYDentist such as Anthony  Rao. He performs ALL teeth cleanings himself, & is quite animated, personable & the BEST Dentist anywhere in America period! He has a great staff, as they are quite congenial. Most Dentists are ALL business, yet he RELIEVES any nervousness one might have. His personality is second to none - in the Dental industry! He makes you feel appreciated - that he can help you!
They have a 1st class operation. I had a small jewelry item several years ago buffed out, & the work not only illustrated their work - but the folks there are very congenial and professional in scope & nature!
Pat/Robert/Ron are a dynamic team - that place customer satisfaction @ the top of the heap! We go a long way back, & I firmly believe that their operation might possibly - be the BEST in Arizona! Their top shelf work defies logic & standard practices of most small business owners in the 21st century! A testament to this - is customers can utilize a LAYAWAY plan - to suit a budget, & support Esprit Decor Gallery & Framing! Pat has the ability to restore some antique posters by enhancing the colors. This entails special equipment he has @ the Gallery! For any & ALL of your Art Gallery & Framing needs - check out Esprit dcor Gallery & Framing!
So many people are in love with this place, and I guess I'll throw my hat into the ring.The food is always amazing. The pizzas are great (and the perfect size for 1 while still sharing a slice), the burgers fantastic (be on the lookout for their burger of the week - always especially good), and their breakfast is wonderful. I'm usually here for breakfast, my favorite dish being the western scramble. (if you like horseradish.. just trust me on this. Don't even bother looking at the rest of the menu.)Couple of things that i think sets this place apart; you can tell they use fresh ingredients and cook from scratch. Their breakfast potatoes are more than just plain diced, unseasoned squares, and the fresh, always soft-&-warm biscuit they serve with most of their (breakfast) entrees. Also, the staff is always amazingly friendly.I wasn't a big fan initially of their style of  "order at the counter and find a seat," but they do a good job of finding & having a table ready for you by the time you get your order in, and I don't mind getting up to get my own coffee / water / iced tea. Just be aware if it's you're first time in. It can be confusing to the uninitiated. (I came here the first time with my parents and grandparents... and my grandparents were completely confused as to how the system worked. And I wasn't too sure either) Also, if you walk in with just 1 or 2 of you, there's often room at the coffee bar, and you can sit over there, skip the line, and order from the barista.one last tidbit; their espresso is pretty great. Ordered a vanilla latte with breakfast the last time i was in, and it was fantastic. Which sucks, because now I'll have to order it all the time...UPDATE: 2-3 weeks ago i wrote an updated review pointing out that they refused to serve eggs that weren't scrambled, which bothered me a little. I recently received a message that they've since changed their policy on this point, and are serving eggs as the customer requests, which is very welcome. (unless it's specifically a "scramble" dish.)
I would give Someburros a 4, but I feel like it would be misleading. In my mind a 4 is a "I need to go there" rating. Someburros is more of  a "If you want mexican food and you're nearby" type placeAnother reviewer said it best; this is a 'tweener place - better than fast food, not as good as a sit-down... which I actually find perfect.While they're food is perfectly acceptable, I will say that it's easy to spend more than you need to here. I've gotten a few of there combos of burritos, tacos, etc, and while they're good, you are probably going to cross (or very nearly cross) the $10 mark once you add a drink. personally I think the most underrated thing on the menu is the Mexican Pizza. It's a 14" cheese crisp with green chili beef, tomatoes, and green onions. It has plenty of flavor, it's def. filling, and it's cheap - $4.80. (this is also perfect Hangover Grub.) Add a small drink, the comp. chips, and you've got a pretty great meal for a hair under 7 bucks. Not the healthiest option in the world, but hey...
Treated my friend here yesterday for a birthday lunch. The salad bar was great, the cuts of meat were mostly amazing, and for most of it, the service wasn't too shabby either. In my opinion the lamb t-bone, small chicken legs, and bacon wrapped filets were the best of the meat they brought around. Other cuts ranged from "great" to "dry". And boy did they bring around they meats. I was a little worried that going there for late lunch they'd have a limited selection, or stuff wouldn't be as hot & fresh, but that's not something you should worry about. The only thing keeping this from being a 5 star review was the service at the end. The check never came, and we had to flag someone down - which by itself is a passable offense - but also, I made a special comment when booking online that I was taking my friend out for his birthday and they never made any mention of it, which was extremely disappointing. I even saw a sticky note when we were being seated that said, "note: BDAY!"I don't know if either of us could have handled dessert had they offered, but they could have offered him a drink on the house or something. Or at least said "enjoy your birthday."Loved the meal, was sad for it to end on a disappointing note.
Believe the reviews. Think I'm finally done with this place. I usually just get brown rice & teriyaki chicken, so I'm typically spared by the fact that they're always out of everything. I always attributed it to the fact that they get a heavy lunch rush, and just don't handle it well.Today, i got there at 11:30 after working a very early morning, expecting piping hot pans of (relatively) fresh-looking food. To my amazement, it was the worst i've ever seen it here; every pan had barely 2 or 3 scoops of food, and it was all picked over with barely any meat in anything, with sauce burnt to the bottom of the pan. It immediately became apparent that they had just reheated last night's leftovers, and hadn't finished making new food for the day.Absolutely appalling. Not that I should have high hope for a freaking Panda Express... but good grief guys.
In short, a solid addition to the lunch scene in N. Scottsdale. I'm happy to have another unique food option so close to work that comes at a pretty good price tag.The easiest description is to think of this as an italian Chipotle. You get in line, & choose either a salad, an angel-hair pasta bowl, or a "pellini," (which looks like a burrito. With pasta. Hm.) and then pick your meats / veggies / sauce from there. I had the past bowl with sausage, grilled eggplant, and can't remember the name of the sauce - it was the spicier one - and it was all really good. Def. filling. (only odd thing was that the eggplant was cold. Not sure if it was supposed to be? Once the sauce warmed it up, I enjoyed it much more.) And not a bad price - a hair under $9 for the bowl and a small drink.All in all, I'll def. be back. Curious about that burrito thing, and the spinach dip looked good. (for the record, this is a vegetarians wet-dream. Tons of veggies.)* word to the wise - this parking lot gets IN-SANE during the 12-1 lunch rush. I actually despise this parking lot. Good luck with that.
Love this place. It's close to work, so i hit it fairly regularly. When i come here it's because I'm in the mood for Greek food, so i can't speak to their "Chicago menu," but the gyros, gyro plates, and salads are all awesome. (I love their house dressing on the Greek salad. Dee-lish.) Have also tried the appetizer sampler and enjoyed most everything it came with - even the dolmas, which aren't typically my favorite. (they seemed a bit less sour the others I've had, such as Pita Jungle's, which i liked)My usual is the chicken gyro plate, which comes with a salad, a pita (cut into 4), tzatziki sauce, and generous portions of both gyro-style chicken and rice, for (i believe) $8.95. I'm usually not a fan of gyro-style chicken, but it's always been melt-in-your-mouth tender whenever I've ordered it here. (and i can mentally trick myself into thinking i just had a "healthy" lunch.)Don't know about the weekends, but weekday lunch rush will be busy. I suggest getting here before noon or just waiting until 1, if that's your plan.
First off, let me say that another reviewers assertion that you're better off going to Panda Express is, in my eyes, way off base. Maybe I've been to the wrong Panda??I'm super happy about this addition to the area. It's exactly what the area needed - a tasty, healthy, fast Asian food option. I got the Firecracker noodle bowl with chicken, and it was very good. I have to admit that I was mostly curious because of the "bacon" aspect, and it wasn't all that prevalent in the dish, but there was plenty of chicken, noodles, and veggies and it was all very good. Spicy-wise, it had a little bit of kick, but not overwhelming. It's nowhere close to "Thai spicy."All in all I'll surely be back to try something else. It was a good amount of food, and I wasn't leaving with a greasy gut-bomb feeling that was going to put me in a food coma going back to work.
I came here on a date, having read good reviews and knowing friends who like it here... and I was less than impressed.First off, I made reservations, and we still had to wait. We were right on time, there were empty tables, and I was a little confused. After being sat by our wholly unenthusiastic hostess-slash-waitress, we waited FOREVER to get in our drink order. We perused the huge menu for quite some time, thought about getting an appetizer, but ended up skipping the app because we figured we would be there all night long if we did. (in retrospect, a smart move.)When the food came, it was pretty good, but a little bland. I'd maybe try different dishes if there's a next time. I could see people complaining that the portions are on the smaller side, but I thought they were OK. Not great, but okay. Minus a star for the fact that our wine never came until our food showed up, and I had to politely remind our server. Being on a date, this really was killer. Would have been nice to loosen up convo with a nice glass of wine, and we ended up both getting one glass instead of two. All in all, super disappointing. Thought it was going to be a fun, interesting experience, and looked forward to doing something different. But this place is firmly OUT of my "dating restaurants" rotation. Maybe I'll come back with friends? If we had a super nice waitress who suggested dishes and treated us well, it could have been great. (and, it doesn't have a very romantic ambiance... we were so far apart when sitting at our "table for 2" that we joked about having convo via carrier pigeon.) Factor in the fact that it's kind of expensive, and yeah... 2 stars all the way.
I'm just not impressed with this place, overall. If you're just looking for a different, interesting place to have beers, i guess this is an okay option... i've been here twice and both times the service has been spotty at best. This last time I had to politely ask the hostess if we had a server after 15+ minutes of just sitting there. As for the food... I'll pass. Bruschetta selections were just okay, and I thought were small-ish portions. My girlfriend wasn't very into her Citrus Shrimp salad, and found it oddly salty for a salad. I had the Southwest Margarita pizza, which I thought was fairly bland. I didn't taste "hot chili infused olive oil" and it didn't have very many tomatoes on it. Also, i know it's not in the description, but I think "margarita pizza" and I think basil, which this pizza has none of. Basically, it's cheese pizza with a fancy name.Boil it down, and the only reason to come here is the patio. If you want a great outdoor place to have a beer when the weather is nice (and you're not hungry) - then go for it.  I don't think either of us feel the need to return, honestly. (and ps - didn't like with their own brewed beers either. Sorry.)
Their food is great - i've had the veggie frittata and the house style veggie burger, both are pretty amazing. Especially the burger. I'm not vegetarian, but i love a good veggie burger as something healthy & different, and theirs is quite possibly one the best in town. Including the ones i've had from full blown sit-down restaurants. Too many places just slide a veggie puck out of a box and throw it on a bun. Not these guys. Also, their coffee and iced tea are pretty dang tasty.Only problem I ever have here is the wait. Definitely a place you have to be patient at.  Maybe it's better if you actually go through the drive-thru - I always just walk inside. Also, for $8.50,  was a little surprised that the burgers don't come with any sort of side item. Not a deal breaker, just something to keep in mind. And I'd probably come here more often if they had hours that extended into the evening.
As other people have mentioned, the food is good enough, but other than that...I didn't find the customer service very friendly. I was the only person in the shop, and had to look at the menu for bit, having never been in before - lady at the counter just sat there and stared at me, expressionless, until i was ready to order. No "how are you today?"  or "do you have any questions?" Felt kinda awkward, actually. Overall i got a very "temporary" feel from this place. They've been there for long enough, but it felt like they were still setting up shop. Menu boards were incomplete - there were pictures galore of all the off-menu options, some of which i may have been interested if i would have noticed before i ordered. Styrofoam everything. (Fries in a little styrofoam cup? Really? My food is already in a basket - just pile those badboys on the side, give me more than 15 fries, and save the world from more Styro!)All in all... i may come back, if i just need a hot dog that badly and i'm bored with other local options, but it's not making the regular lunch rotation. (oh - only "food" complaint; used their dispenser to get some ranch for my fries, and it had a very thick, "i've been in this dispenser for 3 weeks" taste to it. kinda nasty.)
Was a little annoyed after giving this place a try, for something as simple as an oil change. Came to these guys because I wanted to get a second opinion on a repair, figured I'd get my oil changed while I was at it, and they're close to my work.Oil change ended up being $20 more than I was initially quoted on the phone. A went with synthetic because it's a high mileage car, and was told it would be $40, which is great, and it ended up being over $60. Part of that was due to the service guy offering to rotate my tires, to which i shrugged my shoulders and agreed to, but he failed to mention that was a $10 charge. My usual place does that for free -- i guess this is what i get for straying.In addition, their quote for my larger job (shocks / struts) was outrageous. $400 more than the lowest quote i got, and $300 more than the quote from the dealership.The people I dealt with were all nice enough, but there's not a chance in hell i'm ever going back here.
Great new addition to Mill Ave. First stopped by here for a Monday Happy Hour, and instantly loved it. This is a perfect day-drinking place when the weather is nice, and they do a good job of creating a large indoor / outdoor space with plenty of patio. Happy Hour is pretty great - 1/2 off almost all beers. (they do well drink / wine specials too, but don't remember what they were. I think it was $1 off... but don't quote me on that.) Bottom line, I had 3 Firestone DBAs, and i think my bill was about 8 bucks before tip. Score. (normal beer prices are in the $5-6 range. A vodka gimlet not on happy hour (well vodka) cost me $4, which is right where it should be.)Also made a return trip on a Saturday night, to get a feel for the weekend crowd. Not too bad, but mildly disappointed. I was hoping it would remain a little more of the chill day-time vibe, but come 10pm the music gets cranked up, and my group decided to move on to a place where we could actually have conversation without screaming. (sidenote: every bartender / waitress I've dealt with here has been really, super nice.)Def. worth a shot I'd say, and I could see it being a fave HH place.
Located in a quiet strip mall on Roosevelt and Hayden (SE corner) this is the kind of local joint that's great to have right next to your neighborhood. I can't comment on most of the food, as I wasn't all that hungry and only had the California Toast... but it still surpassed my expectations. (it's 2 pieces of toast with their pesto aioli, a generous amount of smashed avocado, and topped with dried tomatoes. If you're super hungry you'll need more, but it's a great snack. And amazingly tasty.) Also, the coffee is flat out excellent. One of the better cups I've had in the valley. (i just had normal black coffee, not an espresso drink.) They brew their coffee using a french press too, which is pretty cool.All in all, I'll def. be back. Hopefully this place will catch on and these guys will do great. They seem like really nice folk. (note to owners: don't be afraid to turn that music up a touch though. Not blasting, but a little more volume could help give a little more atmosphere. Sitting in a too quiet business by yourself can feel awkward sometimes. Just my opinion.)
Just because of the nature of the business, Goodwill's of course seem to take on the personality of the area that it's in. While you probably won't find many obscure band t-shirts here at teh North Scottsdale local, this is a great place to find cheap nicer clothes. I've successfully found a few dress shirts here that look like they've like a led a strictly dry-cleaner lifestyle, for only $5-$7 each. (Yes, I could have rolled the dice and waited for 1/2 price Saturday, but I didn't want to chance it.)A good place to scope out if you need work clothes, not a good place to find a sweater for your Ugly Sweater Party.
I fail to see any redeeming value in this place, which sucks, because it's super close to my house and I would love to have a kick-ass sports bar within 1/2 a mile.because i don't want to write a novel, I'll do this in bullet-point;  - Waited 5-10 minutes to be seated, and they were not even half full.   - Waited another 20 minutes to see a server  - No pitchers of beer. Even though they're a sports bar. Wha????  - Took so long to bring drinks / take our order, my brother went up to the bar himself, got a beer, and was halfway through it at our table before the waitress returned with our original drink order.  - Food was gross. Buns for sliders half-stale. "Buffalo chicken" looked like it was a flat, frozen Tyson pattie. Sweet Potato fries were obviously from frozen as well; no taste, crunchy on the outside, and way too gooey on the inside. I couldn't even eat 3. And i love sweet potato anything.   - got a mixed drink at the bar after our meal, and it was ridiculously weak. And we ordered top-shelf, so it wasn't cheap. My Sapphire & Tonic was basically tonic with a lime... for like $7. Bottom line? Avoid. Run far, far away and don't waste your time or money.
This is a place that benefits by no 1/2 star ratings, as I'd like to give it a 2.5, but feel too bad giving them a 2. There's nothing wrong with the place per se, it's just not my cup of tea. This place is to Greek food what Rubio's is to Mexican; not bad, but leaves you craving the real stuff.Been here a few times and have tried a mix of items - their salads are probably the only thing I'll actually come back for. I do like that they offer a multi-grain pita, and it's not too bad tasting either. the hummus isn't bad.Things I didn't like? They always seem to be slow getting an order out. Their tzatziki sauce? Bleh. I'm a huge fan of tzatziki, but I don't know what this stuff is. Actually, it reminds me of ranch chip-dip that you make with sour cream and one of those flavor packets. Their pita sandwiches i think are too dry; meat, lettuce, tomato, onion - little or no feta, sauce, or dressing or any kind. Portions aren't bad, but aren't huge either. Especially for $9+ for a chicken pita combo (includes 2 sides & small drink). For that price, I wouldn't have minded a bit more than the modest scoop of rice pilaf & veggies I got for my side items.  (rice pilaf was kinda bland too.)Like i said - i didn't walk away thinking any of the food was bad or gross (except for the tzatziki) but i didn't walk away impressed either.
i hate to do drop this down to 1 star, but i just have to. I took my parents and grandparents here for a special dinner, and everyone loved the food... until we saw a roach climbing the wall behind us while waiting for our bill. It completely overshadowed what would have been a great evening. We ended up waiting for our bill at the front of the restaurant, and i discreetly let the server know what the issue was was. They were super apologetic, but that only goes so far. Honestly, I won't be back. Luckily, there's another location near by that i've also been to that has just as good food. (note: menu's are not the same between locations. Which i find odd, but interesting.)
I hate to say it, but the only thing standing between my 3 rating and a 5 rating was $5. I knew that hitting a place in Biltmore wasn't going to be a frugal experience, and I was cool with that. I'll pay more for good food. but I have to admit that I have a really hard time paying $10 for a burger that doesn't come with ANY sort of side. And fries? Yeah, those are $5. And I realize a lot of places charge $12 or $13 for good, upscale burgers and Zin's combined cost isn't far off of that, but it just feels rip-off-y. (Note To Restaurant: if you bumped up burger prices $3 & gave 1/2 the amount of fries, you'd prob get better feedback from customers PLUS bump up your margin. It's really just perception.)That said, I have to say, the burger was freaking delicious. I got the Diablo burger, piled high with roasted jalepenos and carmelized onions, and it really was amazing. The burger itself was cooked & seasoned perfectly. The sweet potato fries were also very good. Not a fan of the yogurt sauce that comes with them, but whatever.Interestingly, their wine prices aren't half bad. I had a very tasty malbec / syrah blend for $6. That's not too shabby, as it seems many places less expensive than this are charging more.Bottom line - great "splurge" place if I'm in the 'hood & have a craving. Not a regular place for me.
Whether I'm here to see a show or not, I'm a pretty big fan of Crescent. It's become the default downtown bar for my friends and I, actually.I'm a pretty big fan of live music, and whoever is booking shows at this place is doing a great job. It's a medium sized venue, and they do a pretty good job of finding bands that will fill the place, but that generally won't sell out in 10 minutes. (They cater to the local music & indie-rock crowd, mostly.) The shows generally range from $8 - $15, depending on who's playing.One of the things I really like is that they have a front bar & patio that you can hang out  and have drinks, and not go into the show so you don't have to pay a cover. (they have inner doors separating the show area front the front bar area.)Yes, this place tends to draw a more indie-hipster crowd than, say, a scottsdale bar... but I've always found the crowd to be enjoyably diverse in both age & style. I mean, I'm a 31 yr old dude that wears jeans & button-down shirts, and I've never been shunned or mocked by a gaggle of skinny-jean wearing ruffians. (also, a lot of it depends on what bend they have playing that day.) And, there's always plenty of cute girls. So there's that.(last note: drink prices are pretty standard. $5 bucks for a Guinness, $4 or $5 for a cocktail. God knows for PBR. No one should drink that swill. Also, if they have Sangria, beware - taste great, good price, not much booze.)
I love Bud's. For years they worked on my old '60 Galaxie when most other shops in town either didn't want to or didn't know how to do the work. These guys are real mechanics, not just a collection of 20 yr olds who only know how to plug your car into a computer to diagnose the problem. And most importantly, they don't run up the bill for extra time or unnecessary parts. My buddy just received a quote for a job of $175 from bud's that another shop wanted to charge $800 for! Bottom line: to me, auto shops are all about finding someone fair you can trust. For me, it's these guys.
I admittedly don't get my prescription updated as often as I should, but I've dealt with these guys twice in 3 years for a couple different pairs of glasses and contacts, and I've had nothing but good experiences. Their front office gals were super helpful over the phone, guiding me through the process for contacts, and finding a cancellation for me to come in the next day for an appointment instead of waiting for 2 weeks to get in. They were equally nice to deal with in person.I've dealt with 2 different doctors, one male one female (don't remember names, sorry) and both seemed great. I had no issues.As for frames, i love their selection here. I'm picky when it comes to glasses - it's hard to find frames that straddle the line between not-boring but not overly expensive - these guys do a good job. I've been totally underwhelmed by every LensCrafters-type place I've been to.If you're on the lookout for a good optical place, I'd suggest giving these guys a try. The one downside I have is their hours; it's hard to get there m-f when they close at 5. They at least have Saturday hours, but those are pretty short. (8-noon, i think?)
I have to say, I'm pretty surprised that this place isn't rated a little better. I thoroughly expected it to be a 4 - 5 star place with a ton of reviews. (of course, it is in a fairly sleepy shopping center)While my experience here has been limited to scattered mornings in which i'm playing hooky from work, I really wish it was closer to home and I could be more of a regular. Their drip coffee is good, and the iced americano i got this morning was great. I can't speak to the rest of their drinks. Food-wise, I've only ever had the quiche and the occasional cookie... both amazing. I would try a breakfast sandwich, but honestly, I never get past the quiche. It's just always so good. They always have a good selection of flavors (cherry tomatoes and basil, red peppers & feta, spinach, etc.) and they're always delish. The one thing i will say is I wish their menu was a little better explained. Maybe they have printed take-out menus that I haven't seen that offer more explanation, but there's a fair number of "named" sandwiches that give you absolutely no clue as to what's on them. And for a guy that's both a) adverse to asking questions, and b) wants to avoid being the guy that holds up the entire line.... this is a hurdle. (also, while everyone I've dealt with is perfectly nice,  for some reason I do always get the feeling that everyone in there is part of one big in-the-know "clique" and i'm the visiting outsider. Maybe they just get a super high number of regulars?)All in all, i'm still perfectly content to jump off the 101 a few stops early every now and again, enjoy a great cup of coffee and a fantastic breakfast, and get a nice start to the day.
I've been here a few times, as well as the location in Scottsdale. Both are always tremendously busy, which I can typically deal with. I've tried a few things, and really the veggie & house frittatas are the only things on the menu which I feel aren't overpriced for what you get, but their food is good, so this is - was - an occasional stop for me. Today though, after waiting at the counter for nearly 5 minutes, someone finally came to take my order... Only to refuse to make me the thing I wanted. Yes, you read that correctly. He "offered" me something else from the menu because the frittatas apparently "take to long to make, and we're really slammed." I was beyond stunned, and left out of pure principle. I can think of 9 other better ways to handle that situation. Even worse, I think the guy helping me was the manager. (Here's an idea; advise me that there will be a long wait, offer me a complimentary drink, maybe even bump an order or two ahead of mine so it doesn't cause a backup. It wasn't like I was in a hurry - I even brought a book to hang out for a while!) If an item on the menu is that much of an issue, it shouldn't be on the menu. I really hope owners peruse these reviews from time to time so they can address this sort of atrocious customer service... Not that I'll ever be back to find out, but they might like to know how their business is being handled.
I've been here a few times since it's been Desert Ray's... and i have no complaints. I've always gotten service that's perfectly fine, my food has always been good, and the prices are where they should be -- something that can be hard to find in this part of North Scottsdale. There's a fairly good chance this will be my go-to Lazy Sunday Morning spot for eggs, toast, and coffee. Will the food here blow your socks off? Probably not... but it's not bad either. Personally, i'm happy to find a comfortable, unpretentious, affordable spot for breakfast that has good portions and nice help. That checks off enough boxes for me. (And bonus points for a patio, since it's about to be gorgeous outside.)
Meh.Not a bad place, I suppose... just not that special. Great beers on tap, I'll give them that, but it's a bar experience you can have at a dozen other places, honestly. If you're already downtown for some other reason (Suns game, dbacks, etc.) it's a decent place to grab a drink and some food, but not a destination place. I'd probably flip a coin between Copper Blues and Tilted Kilt, and not really care where I ended up. (both try to over-compensate for any potential shortcomings by subscribing to the "dudes like boobs" theory.)Why 2 stars? It's a mix. Service wasn't great, and I think i was just a little disappointed in the general atmosphere - I was really hoping Phoenix had actually gotten a Blues bar. This is just a bar with "blues" in the name. I mean, the band was playing covers of top-40 hits. I mean... really? I guess I was hoping for some kick-ass old dude sitting in a chair in dim lighting that can rip out a couple BB King tunes. Or a great jazz quartet to pound out some Miles Davis. Oh well. Guess I'm just sick of bars trying to pander to the hip, college / scottsdale crowd. There's such a gaping hole in the "blues - jazz club" scene in Phoenix  (by "gaping hole" i mean "none") and I was hoping this could help fill that hole. Guess not.
Holy crap. Believe the negative reviews. I've been here twice because it's the closest bagel joint to my apt, and it is unbelievably slow. "How slow could a bagel place be?" You may ask yourself, but the answer would shock you. There was 1 employee taking orders painfully slowly, while others took their time stocking the beverage case and joking with the cashier, who was just standing there doing nothing. Everyone was shuffling around very lackadaisically, with zero urgency or concern for the line of customers to the door. All of whom were looking around trying to figure out what kind of weird black hole we had stepped into. I decided to turn and run... Partly out of impatience, partly out of principle, and mostly because it just wasn't worth it. Especially when there's an empty Dunkin Donuts right behind it.  (Who's cream cheese I actually prefer to Einstein's, incidentally. I like the old school thick creamy stuff, not that whipped-full-of-air crap.)
Thought i'd update my review, with the new locale being open;coffee, pastries, and environment all maintain their top-shelf qualities. inside seating room was always an issue, but not near as much anymore. And the places to sit are all very hip, cool set-ups - not just 10 look-a-like tables and chairs. My only problem? How they've laid out their customer flow. One prob at the old place was there was always an awkward bottleneck of people waiting for their drinks... and to my amazement, they've cloned the problem at their new place! Unreal! Whoever space-planned the new layout should be shot! "i have an idea - because this place gets really busy, lets direct the long line of people into a little circle in front of the register, make this the same spot people wait for / pickup their drinks, and also the same place people use the condiment bar, and we'll have everyone awkwardly climbing over each other. Perfect!"That said, their coffee is still the best in town. So there's that too.
It's 4 Peaks. 4peaks is awesome. What more do you need to know???Fantastic beer? Check. (best heff around. Kiltlifter always a staple too.)Great food? Double check. (nachos are amazing, wings are great, margarita pizza is wonderful. You won't get a better Veggie Burger at any other bar in the valley.)Parking? Parking is... well... parking really, really blows.That's pretty much all you need to know. My advice if you don't like crowds is to pick your spots and get there early. (I'll skip going there for the Big Game, as they'll be stupidly packed, but they are my 1st choice for weekend day drinking, and have been for years.)
I waffled between 3 & 4 for a bit... but I'll give it the benefit of there not being a 1/2 star rating. Plain and simple, this is just a rock-solid breakfast option. It's not going to be the fanciest, or the most gourmet, or have the biggest servings... but it's always going to be good, the waitresses will always be nice, they'll rarely (if ever?) mess up your order, and they're perfectly reasonable on price. I realize I'm not making this a very sexy review, but honestly... sometimes 1+1+1=4. For me, i like supporting a family-owned place that i know is going to be dependable, and that i know won't have a line out the door.  This is by no means a "destination" place. (sorry Temptations.)A couple of tips; check the whiteboard at the far wall by the kitchen; it has daily special items listed that the waitresses will never mention otherwise.(i came here many, many times before i ever noticed.) Also, I typically sit at the main counter, but i have noticed that service seems to get incrementally worse the further you get from bar seating. Sit outside if you want peace from your server and don't care about coffee refills.
I was sad to see Baja Fresh leave this space, but having a Habit Grill instead def. cushions the blow!I hadn't been to a Habit before, and I was impressed. I'm on a healthy kick, so i ordered their veggie burger and a caesar side salad. The veggie burger was good - it was admittedly a pretty standard veggie patty, but the whole wheat bun was good, and there were enough other items on the burger to make it feel substantial - pickles, cucumber slices, tomatoes, and onions. (I had hoped it would be a thicker made-in-house patty, but no such luck. Ah well.) The salad was fine - it felt like the right amount for a $2.25 side salad.All in all, i'm sure this will be a new stop in the lunch rotation. Also, extra bonus points for having A-1 sauce out for use. More places should do the same!(only negative for me is that they seemed to have decreased the inside seating with the build-out for this place.... so if it's not patio weather outside, you may want to re-think coming here during the heavy lunch rush.)
Well, this place obviously has plenty of great reviews already, but I'll throw my 2 cents in as well.Happened to try this place out on a whim, and was pleasantly surprised. The fish sandwich was very good, and the jalapeno cheddar grits that I chose as the side REALLY had me hooked. Combined with the Prosciutto-wrapped asparagus app, and we knew we were coming back. On our return visit we went for the shrimp & grits entree to split, and an appetizer sampler from their happy hour menu that had a couple bbq ribs, pork belly, and a couple other items. Again, everything was amazing. (also, they have some great cocktails that are well priced at $6 each if you get there for HH. if it's not happy hour, i suggest splitting a carafe of Sangria.)I will say, this place can be expensive if you get carried away (it's hard not to) or go for one of the higher-priced entrees, but there are plenty of well-priced options. Also, everything I've tasted has exceeded expectations and justified the price.
Short version? Not a horrible place for lunch - their food is good - but their recent price increase and changes have pushed them over the edge of a place that's worth going to. There are better options.My office is close, and i've been eating there on a fairly regular basis for about the last 4 years, but it's now officially out of my rotation for good. In addition to prices going up, they've also changed their available items you can get as a side with things like sandwiches and burgers. Used to be you could get a small side salad in exchange for fries, if you wanted a healthy option. Not any more. (still have a couple other options - cottage cheese, for example.) And i would generally be okay with this change, if they would give you fair warning. Instead of notifying me that the salad i asked for would be extra, they just charged me $3.99, which seems a bit much for a side salad. In addition, they didn't bring the fries (or ask what side i actually wanted) that were suppose to come with the turkey burger. Overcharged and shorted a side item - nice! Like i said, the actual food is good, which counts for something i suppose, but it's not good enough. Not enough to pay $18 (after tip) for a side salad, turkey burger, and glass of water. No thanks.
I happened to be on this side of town - a rarity - and my friend brought me here for lunch. Now i'm a little sad that it's so far away!One thing about this place though - you have to know what you're getting into. This is a tiny, family owned place. There aren't a whole lot of tables (don't know how busy they ever get) and if you're in a hurry, go someplace else. The owner / waiter is on the older side and, well, just isn't in a rush these days i guess. If you're in the mood to relax, enjoy good food, and enjoy the company you're with, this is a good spot. The dish i tried was great (don't remember what it was called), my buddy had the carne asada (spicy) and it was very good (but really - super spicy. they have a not-spicy version too.) They also had a lot of items on the menu for pretty cheap.All in all, a great little place to break away from the norm if you're in the mood for something different.
Will never go back. 3rd time is the charm. Went in last night at 9:15. Bar mats where already on the bar. Lady behind the bar looked up and said "Kitchens closed" not hi. Not a smile. Nothing. I said that's ok. Can we still get a drink?  The woman frowned and looked at her watch!!!  This is the attitude I have seen the last 3 visits. The bartenders and wait staff just don't care.
Oh my God!!  These people are dishonest at best and down right crooks!!I too was referred these clowns by American home shield for a leaking hot water tank. Took them 3 days to come out. I told the phone appointment setter we had a specific type gas hot water tank with recirculation pump so they could bring the correct tank. She said thanks. Three days later a tattooed young cockney kid shows up. He says " I'm only here to diagnose the problem and let you know what ADDITIONAL CHARGES YOU WILL OWE US ABOVE YIUR AMERICAN HOME SHIELD COVERAGE "I explained my surprise that we would not have a new hot water tank that day. He said they never send a tank same day before the customer commits to extra charges!  It would be 2 more days. He then called me a liar while standing in my garage when I told him I was told they would do the job that day. Bottom line!!  This scam company told American Hope Shield they would need $987.00 cash to do the job. I'm on the phone with AHS while the tattoo boy is in my garage. I told AHS I would not submit to this theft. When I came out to tell this thief to get off my property; I found he was already gone. He left no paper work. Never got a signature from me yet AHS still expects me to pay the $75 trip charge. I have dropped AHS AND IT WILL BE A COLD DAY IN HELL BEFORE I EVER PAY THESE CROOKS! I never even received their bogus quote.
Great place. Spectacular Food. Tremendous and reasonably priced wine list. Perfect service and a dog friendly patio. Family owned. They treat guests like a happy family. The food is truly wonderful!
Visiting Vegas and found this place and I love it. Everyone is very friendly n nice. Will come back here every time while in Vegas.
I had the opportunity to spend a week in Las Vegas I thought visiting this club would be a good experience, but I was wrong.The girls here hustle you for money, without having your consent, they give you a 30 second view of their boobs and sit on your lap to talk to you, and then charge you $120.00 (truly this was a 2 minute time window)The Czech blonde girl was the worst for this, and we complained to the manager.I was here with my wife, and we are pretty easy going, but this was in my opinion, situational robbery.
Yummy food, big portions, great prices and service. Seems always busy but worth the wait.
Ate on the restaurant side. Average food. Horrible service, waitress got 3 things wrong with my husbands order. Way better places to spend your money on food in Vegas.
It use to be better, bigger, tastier, but now it's just a sad, faded image of it's former self. I've always made a point to visit Earl of Sandwich on every Vegas trip in the past. But in recent trips, the sandwiches got smaller, the amount of meat sadder... I know the economy took a hit, but I wouldn't have mind paying extra to keep the up the quality of each sandwich. I heard they opened up a new store in Disney. I'm hesitant to go and try, even though I'm just around the corner.
It was my first time trying this place. We were on our way out from a weekend of fun. The chicken fingers proved to be the best choice for eating in the long car ride back home. The staff was nice, and the place was very clean. Their chicken fingers were perfectly cooked and lightly breaded. And their dipping is freaking awesome, so awesome that the charge for them. :[
A great place to start your night! Atmosphere is great, the food is average. There are self serve kegs, dart boards and flat screens. But the best thing about this place is their beer challenge! If you can drink a pint of beer in 7 seconds, you'll get it for free!! Limited two times per night. But be warned, once you start, you might end up staying there the whole night.
I used to work here. Let me tell everybody reading this. Don't ever ever go to this location. It's not clean. They use  rags to clean the bathroom then clean tables with the same rag. I remember a kid threw up and we had to mop it up, they then used the same mop to mop the floors during closing without disinfecting it. The soups aren't handmade they come frozen inside of bags! Same with the sauces. Brownies, cakes, etc are delivered. They leave the meat and ice cream out over night. Customers don't know this but there are a few mice here as well. My experience here sucked! I was happy to leave! I will never step foot inside this or any other Jason's deli ever again! Just think about this next time you come to this location. El arroyo crossings. If you value your health don't come here smh. Save yourself and your money and go to the chilis next door
I saw this restaurant highlighted on one of Anthony Bourdain show. Wifey and I went there during their lunch hour. There was no live music because it was still  considered lunch hours. The place was clean and orderly. I read some reviews about bad attitudes from the wait staff but I had no issues. I got the lunch portion which comes with a side of house or caesar salad. We got the baked Penni and Lasagna. They were both excellent. I will defiantly be returning but during dinner hours.
This was a tough review to write because I am torn between the crappy service and the great food. I come here each time when I go to Vegas Strip. The food is great but the servers have the attitude of "you will come here anyway so I am going provide you with crappy service". It just sucks cause the service has declined over the years. I would have given a higher rating if it was just food but I have to factor in the service.On a more positive note, the frozen hot chocolate is the best. I recommend the deep fried Oreos sundae if your not a fan of frozen hot chocolate. I got the deep fried Twinkie which is good but the deep fried Oreo are better. Let's hope this place doesn't turn into a Margarita-Ville because it's heading that direction. Another small criticism is I wish their pickles were dill instead of sweet.
Where do I start? I will start when I saw a sign that read "Rated best ramen on LV strip". When I went there I had to wait for a table for a few minutes. Once I was sat I waited several more minutes and the wifey had to flag one of the workers down to take my order. After my food was ordered it came out fairly fast. I hate to admit I paid $2.50 for a 12 ounce can of Pepsi and another 15 for the ramen. The ramen was good but it just wasn't enough. Before I could finish my bowl of ramen one of the workers who ignored me initially came up and asked if I was ready to pay. It would have been nice for him to be "Johnny on the spot" to take my order. I finished my bowl of ramen and I was still hungry. I walked back to my hotel and bought some hotdog on a stick. I don't believe I should pay 15 bucks for a bowl of ramen and leave still hungry. High prices, unreasonable amount of food plus poor service will lead to just one star. I will continue my hunt for a better ramen place. Stay away! I don't know who rated this place as the best but more of a bust.
I have been here every time I come into Vegas. It's a great place. I only eat breakfast and have never had any lunch or dinner items. The portions are hearty even for a chubby boy like me. The wait can be long at times but it's worth it. I am giving only four stars because I got the cold brew coffee that was advertised in a pint but I got it in a glass. I am also suspicious about it being made a cold brew and not being brewed hot and then chilled but who knows. Overall great place and should be on everybody's list for breakfast while on the strip.
Great place! I "Yelped" breakfast places on the strip because I had already eaten at the Hash House. This place came up so we stopped by it before we headed home. I am so glad we did. When we pulled in there was a line of people outside waiting. Despite the line we only waited 10-15 minutes to be seated. The menu was bigger than I thought. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs. I didn't take a picture of it normally because I was 3 or 4 bites deep before I realized I didn't take a picture. The portions were large and the food came out fast. The wifey said she loved the banana muffin. I didn't get it. I can't give an honest opinion about the muffin because I don't enjoy muffins. Back to the portions, they were so huge this chubby boy couldn't finish it. The potatoes were seasoned just right and not overly covered in seasoning. I am picky about my gravy and it compares well with my aunts gravy. This place is a no fluff breakfast joint. Highly recommended!
I was some what hesitant about eating here after reading the reviews but I am glad I went. The service was good. The server was patient and answered all my questions. The wait wasn't long and I was able to sit on the patio with the wifey. The food was good and I don't have any real complaints. We didn't wait long for our food and everything was hot. I don't understand all the bad reviews. I recommend it.
Every Car Wash has its good days and bad days. I have been here 2 times now and so far they have been better than average. Yes they try to up sell - that's their job. All you have to say is no. They won't throw you into the wash if you do. You also better plan for 45 minutes otherwise you will have an even worse day. If they don't do the job to your liking tell them and they will try to accommodate you as best they can. Working on the line at a car wash is brutal low paying work so tip them well if they do a great job and tip them ok if they do an average job.  If you expect your car to look like it was fully detailed for $20.00 you will never be satisfied at any car wash. I have been to many different washes in the north valley and so far they have been the best. That could change tomorrow but for now ... I'll be back
Food was good, fresh and flavorful. Interesting salad dressings. New location is comfortable and clean. There were five people with me and everyone ordered something different. All liked what they ordered.The reason I did not give more stars is because they brought out each order about 5 minutes apart with no focus of the ladies being served first and what side to serve from. We had to ask for napkins. When we were done there was no attempt to clear the table. A bit cluttered to say the least. It is very evident that the servers have never been (or poorly) trained, nor has the cook(s) been trained to synchronize the food prep time for service. It's too bad because the food is good and I truly wish them success.  If you have the patience of Job, and lots of time on your hands, then I highly recommend a visit to enjoy their food.
I have been to the Vegas location. Scottsdale is the best of them. Service was the best of the two as well. The meat entrees in Scottsdale were better than Texas de Brazil in Vegas as well. Service was a bit better at Texas. The salad bar was not as elaborate as Texas either but still excellent. However, after all is said and done, the Scottsdale location was exceptional.  I will be back. I highly recommend it!
First visit to a Red Robin. We were seated in the bar next to a booth of obnoxious and loud drunks. We moved ourselves to another. I ordered the bacon cheese burger. Meat and bun were excellent. The bacon was dry and cold. Overall the meal was good and we will be back. My wife ordered the prime rib sandwich. It was very good and a large portion. Fries were OK. Coleslaw was very good. Service was so-so. We kept having to get our servers attention. I would suggest asking for freshly cooked bacon and not be seated in the bar - unless you prefer being around those types. Wife ordered a mohito and it seemed to be missing some ingredients.
Great shop. Owner Ted is straight forward and very good at what he does. Worth the drive to his shop. VERY fair pricing. He can tackle ANY exhaust issue so avoid the insane dealer prices and visit Big Jim's Mufflers.
Ok. I said I would never come back to this location and here I am. My grandson wanted to come so.... I Ordered a waffle combo. Wife ordered a party melt. It was noon. Server brought out two orders but informed us at the time that they had no rye  bread. So we waited at least 7 minutes. The waffle was partially cooked. The eggs were not as requested. The meat on the melt was dry and overcooked... Gee I wonder why... Grandsons crepes were fine however. Manager visited the table after I told a server to find our server, who never stopped by to check on us prior. Mgr comp'ed us but still - that should never need to happen. Needless to say - I don't care who in my family wants to go to this  location - I'm never going back.
First time here at early dinner. They just opened for business recently so appeared to be overstaffed a bit. Seated right away with freshly cooked yeast rolls with whipped cinnamon butter. Very very good. Our Server was Christina. Very pleasant and attentive. I hope she makes the cut. We would come back for her alone. Ordered the Cactus Blossom appetizer, prime rib and Ft Worth Rib Eye with a salad and baked potato. Food was very good - a bit over seasoned for my taste but that can be remedied next time. Drinks, appetizer and salads were served way to fast and main course came while we were still working on the salads and appetizer.  Beef was cooked to order and really, really good - the best my wife remembers having. The music when we first came in was crazy loud. I measured it at 83 db (yes there is a app for that). I mentioned it to our server and she spoke to the owner/manager. It was turned down to 77 db. Any sustained sound at and above 75 db can cause long term hearing loss in both youth and adults. Anything above 70 db can permanently harm a baby and would be an OSHA concern for employees. I mentioned it our server again and she once again explained to mgmt my concerns and it was turned down to 67 db. I appreciate their listening to me and their consideration.To review:Great service. Thank you Christina! = 5 starsGreat food overall = 4 starsAmbiance -3 stars for volume + 1 for listening = 4 starsOver all = 4.25 stars.I recommend them. Just consider the seasoning if you need to watch your salt intake and slow the service down if you want to catch your breath between courses. The other Roadhouse across the street is in really big trouble now. We will be back!
This was my first time here. I have dined at other Brazilian steak houses and wanted to check them out. My impression - a bit underwhelming. They advertise 16 types of meat. Our table saw maybe 7. At the "other" restaurant we have to constantly turn away the servers. Here we had to look for them. The salad bar was half of the size of the competition's and to say the least - rather bland. The managers visited our table more than the servers. Appeared to be understaffed. Try the other one after visiting here and you may just agree with me. At this price point you expect more and better than the others. I will return however- but only because the "other" competitor is not in my home town. They are still good - just not great.
After 4 visits I decided to add my 3cents worth of review. Having spent a considerable time in Mexico I was very surprised to find a Mexican restaurant that reminded me of the fantastic food I have had through out mexico. They actually have sopapillas (sp) on the menu!!! This place is worth a visit. It is a bit small but prices are reasonable and the food has always been excellent. A couple of things... they don't offer coffee... too authentic??? The other is that the service has never been as good as the food. This recent visit was no different with our having to wait for a desert while the other was served...not good. Reason given...cook was very busy... that doesn't cut it. It is a management problem more than a cook problem. That's why the 4 stars... I still recommend them over all the  multiple Mexican restaurants I have visited in north Phoenix.  When you go look forward to stellar food - not stellar service. Hopefully they will work on the management issues... I still look forward to visiting again.
Just spent almost $ 200.00 to have my black car detailed, including clay and compounding. It came back to me wth a multitude of swirl marks and more surface scratches than Madonna's face. There is absolutely NO way that the light scratches would not come out if compounded correctly. The door sills were water spotted, the hood and trunk edges were not touched and were caked with polish dust. Nothing was cleaned or wiped down under the hood. The interior was average. When I pointed out the numerous issues to the detailer, his response was "I got what I paid for" - which was a glorified wax job. Lesson learned!  I cannot recommend this detail shop. Your best bet is to bite the bullet and go to a Penske Auto Dealership and have it fully detailed by professionals who know what they are doing.
First time here. Entrance is a bit unique, very stuffy and overtly warm as you head down a serious flight of stairs. Definitely not ADA friendly. I think placing lights on the edge of each step would help those who have sight / walking issues. I made a reservation online one week prior as it was our anniversary. We were not listed on the reservation list. The hostess mumbled something about not checking the online reservations. NOT good as our anniversary dinner could have been a complete nightmare. Sounds like a management issue. However, business was light so they accommodated us and we were seated quickly. Our Server Toni was awesome. She made recommendations and we took her up on them. Food was as advertised - outstanding! We will be back and recommend it to anyone who enjoys great steak or seafood. The ambiance of this unique restaurant is perfect for a date night - just don't make your reservations online or ask for a window seat.
Just went in for my 3rd and last time. Incredibly horrible customer service. I use the 3 strikes rule - so I'm out. If I ran my business of 25 years with staff like theirs I would have been out of business a long time ago.
My first time here. Food was really good. Their speciality waffle was thinner than expected but excellent. I asked for eggs over medium and got over easy. The server was very attentive and very good. She did get our order correct so the kitchen was at fault on the eggs. It would be nice if there was a uniform definition of what over easy, medium, well, or scrambled eggs are exactly. The reason for 4 stars is the place was filthy. Everything on the tables including menus were sticky with syrup. Window sills were dirty. The floors were filthy. I watched other servers take uneaten food off of plates, wrap it in foil and put in refrigerator. The kitchen was very unkempt and needed to be cleaned. OK, so I was there at 9am but the old restaurant adage of clean as you go should still apply even if there is a kid running the place and you're open 24hrs.  This tells me they have serious management issues. I will be back because of the server and the fact food was good but it won't be because of how clean it was.
First time here for lunch. Went with a friend. Not the best location but ok. Negatives first: We were ignored by hostess for a few minutes as we came in and then seated. Server was mediocre as she was definitely not attentive.  We had to flag her down to ask for drink refill which we never got. First-time ever leaving a less than 20% tip. The water was horrible tasting. Positives: food was FANTASTIC. Menu is short and to the point. Had the flat bread and the Pork sandwich with fresh cut French fries. Portions are LARGE and filling. Really outstanding.The food is why I gave it 4 stars. If I based it on service alone I would give it 2 stars.I recommend this place and will be back even with the sub par service.
3rd time here. They were very busy, (9 am Sat morning) so we waited about 15 minutes. After being rushed to a table that was still damp from being wiped down, I immediately noted that the silverware and glasses were horribly water spotted and dirty with fingerprints. The coffee mugs were far worse with sticky syrup and lipstick smudges. When the server finally showed up, I pointed it out, and she took our drink order and then hastily grabbed them and later came back with cleaner(?) glasses and mugs. The water glass smelled of the chemical used in the dishwasher. We weren't ready to order, which appeared to irritate the server even more. She left and returned about 10 minutes later, which was simply way too long to wait.I ordered an advertised special and my wife ordered a standard menu item with some changes. When they arrived, I noted mine did not look like the advertised item and was missing some ingredients. I had to wait about 8 minutes before I could flag down our server, who had yet to come by to ask if everything was to our liking. When she did finally show up after waving at her, I asked if my order was supposed to include additional ingredients and she immediately left and brought back the missing part. No apology was given, nor was there any suggestion to replace with a fresh and warm meal or the offer to remove it from our ticket. However, she did blame it on the person who brought the meal out. I requested that she remove it from our ticket, which she did. There was never an apology given. The cashier asked rotely how our meal was but did not wait for, nor seemed interested in a reply. It is quite evident that the restaurant management and staff were unprepared for increased business (first day of the month - after a payday - and a direct mailer had been sent out... really?) and EVERY employee there (wait and kitchen) were poorly trained by management and ill-prepared to handle the increased business properly and professionally.In my previous experiences, the food has been exceptional, prepared and served correctly. That is the reason for the two stars. If I were a first-time customer, I would have given a one-star rating.      I hope they get their act together as I do like the quality of their food. We will see.....
Just had my first visit here. Employees were so busy working they neglected to ask customers if they needed help. I overheard two employees talk about how slow it was. I bet if they spent their time helping customers BEFORE they are asked the day would go much faster. I left without being helped and cash still in my pocket.I won't be back as this store has a serious management problem.
I really don't understand all the hoopla about P F Changs. I first visited the location in La Jolla, CA as my business was across the street. I remember how unremarkable they were. I had a hellacious experience there and never set foot in a PFC since .... Until yesterday at Happy Valley.It is amazing how things haven't changed - still mediocre food and stupid high prices. A least they keep the dining room so dimly lit you can't see the food they serve.  I can't recommend them unless you prefer to have a few cocktails before dinner is served. At least your taste buds will be numb. I've had the best elsewhere ...... Save yourself a lot of money and go to the little express fast food joint with the bear - its a whole lot better for the price paid and the quality received then use the money you saved and go to the movies.
I am a BBQ guy. I have traveled throughout the south and have had some really great BBQ in the Hill country of Texas. That became my threshhold whereby all others would be judged and compared. Having just moved to the Phoenix area I wanted some BBQ and read all the yelp reviews and decided I would try POAF. I ordered their Smokin Sampler and sub'd for the brisket. First the good: Their smoked pork is really, really good. Some of the best I've ever had. I give that a 5 star. Their brisket is good but not among the best I have tasted = 4 stars. The Polish sausage is a great brand = 5 stars. I was really looking forward to trying their smoked chicken that was included in the sampler plate but they were OUT - in the middle of the dinner rush at 6:30pm???!!! The person who brought out the plate apologized as he handed out the meals and said they ran out so they substituted a Polish sausage instead which is is exactly what I DIDN'T want. I paid an upcharge to have chicken, pork and beef brisket and got a polish sausage? I was not a happy camper so I asked to have some additional brisket to compensate - to which they agreed. The chicken (or the lack thereof) = 1 star. The two sides were baked beans and coleslaw which were bland and mediocre at best = 1 star x 2. The slider buns were not fresh baked and served at room temperature. Just steaming them would have been better = 1 star. The various BBQ sauces (of which I tried them all) were nothing to write home about = 3. The cleanliness of the dinning room(s) was horrific. Perhaps the smoker was not venting properly?? The walls, ceilings and floors were in desperate need of a deep cleaning. I was afraid to check out the bathroom... = 1 star.   Totall score 2 stars.
After a ridiculously horrible experience at another local Gun shop I decided to check out DMPF. I was warmly welcomed and the staff showed genuine interest in answering my questions and taking the time I needed to help make an informed decision with my next firearm..      They are ALL about customer service first. Sales will ALWAYS follow that in any business.It is worth the trip to visit their shop!!
I called Sy Electronics because my Mitsubichi DLP had white dots all over it.  I had read online that this was happening. (it's 6 years old)  After explaining my dilemma, I learned that Mitsubichi would give me the part, and I just had to pay for the tech to come switch it out.  $200.  This was less than I had anticipated.  It only took 2-3 days for the part to come in, and Sy Electronics called and scheduled for the next day.  The tech/service man came on time (at the beginning of the time window) and was done lickity-split.  Very helpful, respectful, efficient, competent.  In a world of schisters, it's good to see this type of response.  Thank you, Sy Electronics.
I love J+K.  Meal sizes are for big eaters like myself. If you dine in, be sure you get sizzling rice soup. I like the honey chicken. Price is right, if you know what I mean.
I am thankful for whoever invented physical therapy.  Any one of the therapists here at the Val Vista office or the Greenfield office have worked on my ailing joints.  Knowledgeable, helpful, and great bedside manners.  The techs are excellent also.  Clean, friendly atmosphere.  Always felt they had my best interest and healing first priority.  Thank you, Farnsworth PT.
I ordered a utility trailer from this company. It is awesome and exactly what I ordered/wanted. Straight forward approach to sales. (I hate being "sold" stuff, and I never felt pushed or coerced.) excellent quality with excellent professionalism.  I would recommend Jackson's Trailers for anyone in the market for a utility trailer or work trailer.
I bought a piano at Stilwell Pianos in December.  My wife and I couldn't be happier with our purchase.  We wanted a nice piano, but couldn't pay full price for a brand new one.  A high quality, well tended, used piano is half the price, but just about as good.   I also appreciated the feeling of the showroom.  I never felt like I was being sold anything. (which I hate)  My questions were honestly and respectfully answered.  I would recommend Stilwell to anyone who wants a piano, but hasn't won the lottery.
The job I had was not the average block wall, I'd say.  I had five different companies come bid it out.  600+ linear feet of block wall, on an irrigated lot, with the back 200 feet right next to the irrigation ditch.  Out of all the bidders, 360 Masonry were the only ones who seemed like they knew what they were talking about with regards to what was needed as far as a footing being different because of being an irrigated lot.  (it takes a much deeper footer.  A deeper footer takes much more work and concrete than a regular wall.)  Even with that in mind, the price that I was quoted was fair.    We are very pleased with the results.  The workers were obviously skilled, and very courteous.  I never felt like anyone had anything but my best interest in mind in the planning, building and cleaning up.  I would recommend 360 Masonry to anyone who likes to feel like the company they hired appreciates their business and is eager to please and have a satisfied customer.  I will definitely do business with them again, and refer them to my friends or family who are in need of their services.  I would like to thank them for their conscientious and hard work.  If I could, I'd buy them all some beers.
I needed help moving all my belongings from mini-storage to a home that I bought.  It's 106 in Arizona on July 4th weekend.  Let's get real for a second.  I needed some strong backs and it wasn't pleasant.  I worked along side four employees of Arizona movers.  I heard no complaints of heat.  They weren't slackers, that's for sure. Although I could tell a few hadn't done a ton of moving, it's not really that challenging, except physically, and they were up to the task.  The price is right and if you are delusional enough to expect absolutely no property damage in a move, regardless of company, good freaking luck.  I hope I never have to move again, but if I ever need some hard workers to help move something for someone at a good price, I am giving them this number.
If I could give 6 stars I would.  Fantastic service.  Everyone who works there obviously has pride in the place.  It's like they all have a stake in the claim.  Great atmosphere.  Food DELISH.  I normally get 1/3 lb pulled pork with a bun and inhale that stuff.  It's a manly meal in a manly restaurant.  I ate here and the next thing you know, I have to shave twice a day, my wife got pregnant and people started paying me the money they owed me.  Coincidence?  I don't think so.
Saturday...going on a trip... oil change in 10 minutes. Quick and easy. Great customer service. I'll go to this jiffy lube again.
I heard about Whiting Iron/Great Gates after inquiring from my neighbor who did his awesomely solid gate to his backyard. From start to finish, I have been supremely impressed with the skill, professionalism and courtesy exhibited by this company. I had them build two large RV gates, and three smaller people gates. Very solid, sturdy, good looking. I expect them to last as long as I do. They were completed in just a few weeks after design was chosen. I would recommend Whiting Iron to anyone who wants quality at a reasonable price. Thanks again. We love our new gates and the protection and privacy they provide.
Spicy deliciousness. Fresh and tasty, every time. My favorite Thai restaurant.
I ate at St. Francis last night with some friends.  We tried five of the appetizers, including some kind of fried potato fingers, a pizza thing with figs and prosciutto, a fresh salad, some green beans, a cucumber and tomato mix... I thought I was in heaven.  The fresh baked bread was great too.  Then came the entrees!  I had the roast chicken.  Some got the pork chop, and burger.  Everything was seasoned to perfection.  We also tried several of the desserts.  My favorite was some kind of caramel-date cake.  Sounds funny, but it was really really good.  The service was outstanding, attentive, genuine, not overbearing. Atmosphere is wonderful.  Although it's busy, I was never neglected.  I can't wait to go there again.
Nice office.  Dr. Woolf is qualified, knowledgeable and friendly.  Office is clean and classy.  Eyeglasses selection is broad and both my wife and I found some we really liked.  I would recommend Woolf Eye Care Center and Dr. Woolf for eyeglasses and contacts.
I would like to endorse JP Pancake. I ate breakfast food for lunch. I am not whistling Dixie when I say, those were the best pancakes I've ever had at any restaurant. Check it out.Friendly staff.  Clean and tidy.
Benchmark did my carpets in my office.  Great quality, vast options, and good install.  5 years old and still looks great, even in the high traffic areas.
Trifecta of competence, professionalism, and caring attitude. I highly recommend Dr. William Woolf and Woolf Laser Eye Clinic.
In a business where you simply have to take the word of the professional, and the price sometimes seems to be miraculously pulled from thin air without reason, it's good to know a company like DesertWolf.  I can trust their expertise, know that I am getting a fair price, and know I'm not getting raked over the coals because of my air conditioning ignorance.  Desert Wolf services my home and my business.
100% satisfied.  This cat knows what he's doing and came right out to my place to tint my truck's windows.  Contacted me pretty quick (15 min) after I sent a message from yelp.  Arranged to come out in a day.  Highly skilled, courteous, knowledgeable, and helpful.  I will recommend Cool Expressions to anyone who needs their new or used car windows tinted.
I meant to write this a few months ago.  I had scheduled and appointment to have 4 new tires installed and mentioned that I needed to leave at a certain time due to another engagement.  The staff was efficient, friendly and made sure my 4 new tires were on safely.  I had requested to keep the old tires and they made sure to bag them and put them in my car.  Thanks to everyone that helped me that day.  I made it to my appointment on time and I'm happy to have my new tires for the winter to come.  I'll be back!
Annie is amazing! One of my favorite lash studios to get my lashes done at! They listen to you and love when you bring in pictures to show them the look that you would like to go for. They are very gentle too! 5 stars.
Stopped by for lunch after visiting Hoover Dam.  The food is good, the beer is cold, and the people are friendly. What more could you want?
1st visit here since I was close by and needed a manicure. Phebe gave me a gel manicure and I've never had someone take so much time and pay that much detail to my nails.  She actually sold me on trying a gel manicure again since my last 2 only lasted one week.  She's a sweetheart, very communicative and responsive.  This place also has a point system set up and handles their salon business more professionally than most I've ever seen in Las Vegas.  So far I recommend them! I love my nails
Only one employee handling orders, money, smoothies and food.  Terrible service because of that.  Extremely slow and waste of time.
Had the cilantro salad with tofu.  Was pretty good and healthy.  I was really annoyed with the rock n roll music they had blasting obnoxiously.  Would go back and try the veggie burger
Only good things about this place is that it looks nice inside and out and the chicken wings were good. We had a range of food including chicken wings, grilled artichoke, chicken lettuce wraps, and French toast. Everything was actually below level decent unfortunately, and we were very disappointed overall. The chicken lettuce wraps were honestly horrible, the worst ones I've ever had. Just terrible. The artichoke tasted like it had been soaking in bland water for hours and definitely didn't taste grilled at all. I asked for drawn butter that tasted like warm oil, so I didn't use that either. The French toast couldn't have been more boring either. No butter even on the side for it. Zero taste to it. I just don't know why people like the food here. We were extremely disappointed in the food, and I was excited to try it out. I'm sorry to say this really. We won't ever eat here again, especially since everything was pretty bad.
Always tasty but only reason for no 5 stars is because they have the slowest line of any cafe rio I have every been to. Delicious food!!
Ordered off of GrubHub and the delivery was 30 past the later estimate for delivery which was very frustrating because it was already an hour estimate from time of order which is a very long wait. I got the chicken drunken noodle and chicken tom yum soup. They are both pretty good, the noodles were just fairly oily, too much grease and both were a tad too salty too, which is always my fear in ordering any Asian dishes, especially Thai food. Not sure I would order from them again, but I did ask for a discount because the delivery was so late so I got 20% off the order.
I 1000% agree with Standards H. on this agency.  Couldn't have said it better myself.  In the end, because we "talent" do actually work to make a living, to survive, I would not suggest working with them because if Daniel does pay you at all, it will be much later down the road....I worked with Envy very consistently for about 4 years, but paychecks ALWAYS came VERY VERY VERY late, about 6 months later than jobs. At that point I was working for a few other agencies as well and could deal with the poor flow of money from Daniel, but he did persuade me to sign a nonexclusive contract, and in that time period for the first year, I have NEVER WORKED LESS in my life so I just disregarded it and started working for everyone again.  Contracts with him are not worth it.  They don't mean much in his eyes. He really could care less if you made enough money to eat or not. Huge ego. Not kind. Not professional.  Does have a great eye for models but doesn't matter in the end when you don't take care of your talent who all end up leaving you.
Poppa Naps BBQ catered at a personal home for two nights in a row for a company party, and he did a great job! BBQ food was great on the first night, and the second night we had fabulous prime ribs, asparagus, and veggies. He's a nice guy and I recommend having him cater your party!
So... I just wrote a very long review and it got deleted somehow.  First off, service was great all around,  especially for me sitting at the very end of the bar.  Calamari (somewhere around $20) was wayyyyy overcooked.  Clear soup for $6 was maybe 5oz, and it sucked.  Yellowtail Serrano was $22, and I think it was better than anything but still too expensive.  Food overall is extremely overpriced for quality and quantity. Pricing may be extra high because the convention center is attached and it's on the Strip, but it's still absurd.  I almost wrote a review after my first time here but decided to give it another shot. Very disappointing.
Came here for breakfast while I wait for my car to get windows tinted.  Baby bear breakfast big enough for 2. Staff super friendly & Megan (bartender) was great. Will come again if I'm in the area.
Great bar with some pretty good food. Their breakfast sandwiches are delicious though super unhealthy :-) the only thing I wish they had were pool tables!
I've been taking classes during the 14 day trial period, and this is the very best studio of any kind I have been to in Las Vegas. Teachers are serious about what they do, they are amazing!  4 rooms with classes rotating all day long, literally.  Such a great variety of them as well which keeps things interesting. Very clean, nice inside. Smoothie bar, drinks, nice showers and locker room, great location, fun, light, everyone's nice! Give it a try!
Great place, massive portions. Could split one order to 3 every time! Great place to go after marathons :) Yum yum!
Great agency! Been modeling in Vegas for 8 years now. These girls come from the industry and take care of their talent and clients. I usually get paid the day of the gig or within a week thereafter, and they are professional! Highly recommend them to anyone :)
We had dinner here two days ago. The foods were delicious and authentic. Parking outside the restaurant was very convenient. Great service.  Would eat here again if we are in Montreal.
Visiting friends here in Toronto. They too live great food and were raving about this place 2 days prior to our arrival.Quite simply a fantastic taco joint!! Very simple menu.Friendly staff.At 11:50am we were #6 in line. Once in the line grew fast!Fresh and clean tasting.Simple and tasty batter on the fish. Thumbs up!
This gem was on my list for some time now. Stopped in with my girl on a Tuesday night. (Last night) once we walked in, there was a small line.  However we were seated quite quickly. Still could not believe how packed for a Tuesday night! I like old houses revamped and zoned for restaurants. Decor was nice and simple.Waiter was very kind and helpful.Beef Bun apps were Freaken amazing!!The Ramen noodles were definitely home made. My mother makes home made for her chicken soup. Ramen Noodles were not as starchy. In short, the Miso Ramen with added pork was fantastic!! Can't wait to go again!!
My buddy Matt goes to PFD often. Then my girl started going and suggested I go.The results and education I'm receiving is impressive. I like that if you have a question, they take their time and answer and not "assume" you should know.
Came here for a tonsil infection seeking antibiotics and the provider Karen Stevens was incredibly condescending and rude. She was trying to lecture me on how antibiotics will not treat my issue ( which I know for a fact is WRONG because I've had this before and the antibiotics worked like a charm) I tried to explain this to her and she continued scolding me like I was some small child I politely told her "I understand" and at which she got so frustrated that she literally rolled her eyes and stormed out of the room. I've came here before and have not really had an issue but i don't think I'll be going back. Very unprofessional
Everything was actually really good until my friend and I ended up with food poisoning.  we had habachi with rice noodles shrimp and salmon
I came here sometime last week and was pretty disappointed. The server Matt was very short and came off a bit rude at times like he didn't want to be there. I am mostly annoyed because I had left him a 5 dollar tip on a 10 dollar tab which seems more than fair.. then i check my bank statement and the posted payment was 17 dollars so It seems Matt was a but unhappy with his tip and decided to add some extra money to it. i'm guessing he probably does this often as most people would not notice this.. I will not be returning if this is how customers are treated
Of all the Todai's I've been too... I love the Las Vegas Todai the most. They have more selections and really friendly service. For some reason I didnt get sick off of this Todai.. hahahaha and the arcadia  one usually I get purty sick.. eWwww.. haahhaha
Emilio is awesome - I will never go to another stylist again - he is a true artist with his scissors and his hair colors are to dye for. Truly truly amazing! Love him
My husband and I went to enjoy the beautiful views we heard about in other reviews, it was our first time going there last night.  Hunter, are waitress, was very prompt and pleasant! The bottle beer was ice cold too!  Can't wait to go back again.
First time here today, Lee did my pedi, and Scott did my mani.  Both were fantastic and gave the best massages I ever had at a nail salon.  Very clean and well kept, I will be going here often!!
I started my daughter here 6 months ago. They offered to send me photos throughout the day to get me used to going back to work. They have given me clothes because one of the care taker's daughter is around my daughter's age. They keep me up to date on all milestones that my daughter goes through. They never complain when we have forgotten items like blankets or pacifiers instead they overcome it with extras in the daycare. We have even brought them diapers that we can't use anymore because our daughter grew out of them so they went back to Walmart and exchange them for bigger sizes which we didn't even think to do. They care about my daughter as much as I do so I would say they are the best place to take your child.
Not a lot need to be said. The entire experience was exceptional. The attention to details is remarkable, and the overall is exceptional.Ex. When having my massage, the therapist cleaned her hands after massaging my feet, before moving on to my arms. Ex. At the end of the massage, the therapist waged by get thoroughly so I don't slip because of the oil.Ex. The locker area is carpeted, such that you don't step in water when putting your socks. Ex. You have a single use, already "toothpasted" toothbrush.Ex. The spa had a waterfall of water falling into it, with which you can shower your head.Ex. There's multiple isolated spots you can go sit and relax. One is the meditation room, which had a nice fountain. Another has chairs, newspapers, tea, coffee, and snacks. Another has just chairs. Etc.
My favorite sushi place! they have the best spicy adamame(reason why i gave the 5 star) the hottie roll is to die for and service here is awesome! Ill definitely be back soon
We usd Ogles to replace carpet with hardwoods oak in a master bedroom, a landing and a childs bedroom in Davidson NC. Matching wood quality and color in a 14 year old homewhere original hardwoods had already matured were concerns as were price and the general disruptive nature of this work.Ogles quoted and when we delayed a decision to begin, they gently but persistently reminded us weekly. This helped us retain our commitmnt to actually having the work done. They were willing to quote the work in two stages with a common price , which we liked.When they began phase one, they acted quickly to take out the carpet, install the wood floors and begin sanding,..all the same day. Just luck for us, their availability for all phases, but showed the same initiative as the reminders,..there are organized and engaged people at this flooring company.Whn my wife expressed dissatisfaction with a few areas after the econd quote, they agreed and applied a third which cost us a few days ( wekend) having the house back together, but made the job exquisite. The match, color and finish were superb.A month later, when we were ready to do the second phase, they honored the second half quote and again showed up eager to complete the work. The fit, finish and color in our child's room, espcially where existing meets Ogles work are excellent. We had town acquaintances and some with friends in the flooring business but are very happy with the choice of Ogles. They show up on time, call back , deal in facts, answer questions and address concerns,..all timely. very impressive and market priced.
Staff was nice however food quality very poor. My meal was a ribeye steak, half of it was fat and the veggies were bland. My boyfriend got the prime rib it was completely raw on the inside, pretty sure it was still mooing. First and last time I will ever go there. Would also give a zero if possible.
Extremely dirty. Could have sworn I saw cockroaches running around. Smelled like sewer. However staff was really friendly.
Was hesitant to come here at first thought it was going to be a cheap version of Denny's. HOWEVER  I was completely wrong. When I first walked in I noticed how welcoming the restaurant was. Very cozy and family friendly. The staff was extremely friendly and made sure we were well taken care of. The bartender was our server(tiny brunette, forgot her name)but she was so sweet and did such an amazing job Food was extraordinary. We ordered burgers wings and a milkshake. Came out to perfection  and very quickly. This will be me and my boyfriends favorite place. Thank you
I have been to airpark before for routine maintenance. Which was a pleasant visit. However this last visit was unbelievable. Needless to say I will not be returning to this location. Our service advisor was Roger Bowers. He was a complete dick. Very rude and acted like we were inconveniencing him. His customer service was awful. I went in for a oil change and I was having an issue with my Usb port. I mentioned it to him and he got all pissy because it was more work that had to be done. He just took the keys and went on didn't say anything else. We had to ask how long it would take. He was again very very rude we decided to just do the oil change. We had to go to another service advisor just to figure out what was going on with my car. And when it was finally done he refused to give me paperwork saying "they were behind". I have yet to receive anything or get the "how was your visit email"
This was my first high tea. Figured I had to try it since we were in Toronto. The meal was filling and satisfying. Nice variety of tasty sandwiches. Large variety of tea choices, I tried the chia tea. There were 3 of us and we each had a different tea and we were all satisfied. The sweets were a little different but good. We were served by Monique, the owner  I believe. Prior to going I emailed the shop with a question and the response was quick. I would definitely return here.
This was a great room at a great price. We stayed on Saturday and Sunday night at an average rate of $72 per night on the first weekend in August. This is not the classiest or biggest casino/ hotel on the strip, but the amenities are perfect. They have decent gambling, great pools, a few nice dining options, and a comedy club. The comedy club was perfect for our party of 15. The bars in the casino serve good drinks at a good price and the rooms are comfortable for the after party. The location is perfect. We were at the MGM, Excalibur, Luxor, New York NY, and Mandalay Bay in minutes. Have fun!
Yes! Go here! Did not expect to find something so amazing on the outskirts of Vegas. This place was quaint yet modern. The food had a twist or was kicked up a notch. Had the grilled cheese with apple chutney spread and fresh apple slices. So tasty with a little side salad. Also tried the Benicio. Sooooo good! Eggs Benedict with a new bend. After we ordered this dish, they let us know it is award winning. Would have to agree. If you make it to this place you'll be so happy for the rest of the day. Great service too. Robin is a hoot!
I've been wanting my nosed pierced for a year and what better place then Las Vegas. I came across this shop while dining at The House of Blues. I went in multiple times mustering up the courage to get pierced and the price quote did not change. Cost $75. The only reason this shop is not getting 5 stars is how long we had to wait. There were 3 of us getting piercings and no one else in front of us. 2 nose and one upper ear. It took close to 3 hours for ongoing sterilization and prep. Of course we wanted everything sterilized, but 3 hours for 3 routine piercings seemed kind of crazy. Would recommend this place for a good looking piercing.
I was in town for work and needed to get threading done. I found this place and was so glad I did. It was the most painless threading experience I've ever had I just wish this place was closer to home!
Sooo the duck benedict. There isn't much I can say other than EAT IT. I'm not a fan of poached eggs, but our server (who was absolutely AMAZING) suggested getting it with scrambled eggs. That was probably the best decision I made that day. I loved the atmosphere, her excellent knowledge of the menu, and she was great in terms of making sure the bottomless mimosas were flowing. And the banana bread was great. I can't wait to visit Charlotte again to come back!
The pecan crusted trout with peach relish was everything. And the sweet tea was close to perfect. Like that perfect space that is just sweet enough and not too sweet.The fish was to die for and I could eat the relish out of a jar. (Wait, do y'all sell that? If so, I'll pick some up on my next visit the Charlotte). A girlfriend ordered the Mac and cheese, which was a little too cheesy for my taste, but overall we enjoyed everything.
Very good simple breakfast in Charlotte. The service was cool and the food was satisfactory. I can't say I was overly impressed, but maybe it's because I didn't get the red velvet waffle that everyone raved about (after we left of course). The food was good, I'll likely come back to try out the waffle and get a better impression of everything.
This place was love at first bite. The cakes were all very moist and perfectly dense. I was surprised that I liked everything considering I'm typically not a fan on lemon cakes. The fan favorite was the white chocolate raspberry. The raspberries were perfectly refreshing in this cake. I'm looking forward to having one of these for my upcoming birthday.
ShareTea is a really great quality Bubble Tea shop from Taipei, Taiwan. http://www.sharetea.com.tw/en/The first location in Toronto, Canada was opened on Yonge and Finch, which is an amazing shop.Everything tasted great and really similar than what it is back home in Taiwan. Especially the small tapioca. 5 Stars for it.When this second location on Yonge and Wellesley opened, my friends and I were hyped, however, the first visit really disappointed us...  I ordered Classic Milk Tea with Small Tapioca. The Tapioca was OVER-COOKED. Way too SOGGY and not chewy at all. The tea was ok.      Second time: same thing, soggy ass tapiocas.    Third time I was there, it got a lot better. However, the next 2 - 3 visits after that were as bad as the first one.By this time, the third location on Church and Dundas opened. And this location did a lot better than this one on Wellesley. Hence, I stopped going to the Wellesley location.Today, I went back to the Wellesley location because I was just around the area.I ordered this famous drink in Taiwan: "Ice cream black tea", which is simply a chunk of ice cream in regular black tea. And for some reason, they EFFED IT UP, AGAIN.I did not taste my tea after I got home so I couldn't go back and complain, but the taste was wayyyyyy off!!!  They only put in maybe two tea spoon of ice cream, which you are supposed to put in maybe 3 scoops of ice cream.I've ordered this drink more than 10 times at the Church and Dundas location, and they did not messed up once. This drink is just regular black tea, which you make daily + chunk of pre-made ice cream, then DONE. So I just don't know how in the hell you can mess this up...Overall, I think this location is NOT PROFESSIONAL AT ALL, and they should STOP RUINING THE BRAND of ShareTea.If you're from Taiwan, you would know what I'm talking about once you tried it.If you're not from Taiwan: THIS IS NOT A TAIWANESE BUBBLE TEA SHOP. (These people simply bought the sign and did whatever the f--- they want.Reminder: 6$ for a bubble tea or any drink is already pricy, so don't even spend on a fake bubble tea that's not tasty nor authentic.
Homemade wraps. Well made wraps.It was for sure one of the best wrap I've had in Toronto.(I've only tried the wrap though.)
I took my truck to Big G for a front end alignment after having control arm and ball joint work done. No appointment was needed, and I got a print out of exactly what was adjusted and the price was very reasonable. George and his group are pros.........
Tom Hart and his mechanics are GOOD.....FAIR.....HONEST......AND PROFESSIONAL!The best move I've made in a while is taking my truck there.........Thanks guys!
Went to buy a Makita grinder, didn't get the sales persons name (sorry), but even though she didn't work in tools, she looked on her store app and took me right to what I was looking for. She let me open the box and make sure the spindle and nuts were what I needed. A-1 all the way!
I have been going to Dr I. for over 8 or 9 years.  He is very good and his staff are so nice.  But he and his staff exceeded all my expectations when I fell and broke my front tooth last year.  Dr I was excellent in taking care of my dental problem.  His staff were so considerate and efficient.  Now I have beautiful smile because of him.
I was visiting my parents here in town, and got a ride from this guy from my parents' house to the Illini Terminal. I found him on yelp, where I chose him semi-randomly after the first cab I'd picked said he needed a text message with my address (which he'd already verbally confirmed), and I didn't have a text-messaging phone.  I didn't ask R&H's rates until he'd dropped me off, but it was 2$ less than the other cab had quoted to me over the phone, so that was a pleasant surprise. R&H (I can't remember his name, or what to call him) is super prompt (even at 5:15 am!) and easily reachable by phone to reassure family that he'd be on time :).There were a couple of inches of snow on the road (the reason I needed a cab in the first place) and he was an excellent and careful driver.Finally, he's just really nice. My cell phone was broken, and my parents called him after he'd dropped me off, in order to reach me, and he came back in to tell me.I know this kind of kindness is maybe more common in a town like C-U, but I still really appreciated this guy. I haven't written a yelp review in a while, but here I was moved to! If I find myself taking a cab again in Urbana, then this is without question my go-to guy.
Over spring break my family and I decided to go to Scottsdale, AZ. And we were hungry so one lunch we went to Panda Express, and what a bummer, I think this is Panda Express at its lowest. In a restaurant you should have the ability to choose what you want to eat, not have them altered by lack of supplies. Personally The service was "OK" at best, but the main killer was the quality of the food. I found various burnt chunks of Chow Mien on my plate. Also when served orange chicken (my favorite) the lady gave me less than 1/4 a scoop and piled the crap out of my plate with fish (which lacked any sauce making it way to fishy) Where I live there is a Panda about 1/4 the size of that restaurant that knocks it out of the park every time. But you shouldn't base Panda Express of this one review. Maybe you'll have better luck.
Stopped in for breakfast. The restaurant has a fantastic open vibe. No issues with noise...from start to finish we had a great time! Brent provided excellent service and Doug made an unbelievable Bloody Mary. We ordered eggs and the lox plate. The dishes came with a side of potatoes. They were probably the best potatoes I've ever had. I would order both dishes again!Great job Fox Restaurants!
Manager took and repeated order for a gf breakfast sandwich. Halfway through realized it was not gf. Spoke to him he didn't even apologize. Heading home to deal with consequences. Won't be back.
We decided to try Sel for our anniversary and we were elated with the experience. In fact, we had a phenomenal time from the moment we arrived. The entire staff is polished, yet so friendly and welcoming, which is definitely not the case with many Old Town restaurants  One after another, Chef Levine's courses were unbelievable. Fine dining at its pinnacle!
If I could give 0 stars I would! Bank of America's business strategy is obviously NOT to provide customer service in an effort to direct customers to using their ATM or online banking. They staff the branch with only two tellers who take turns going to lunch, leaving one teller to help upwards of 10 to 12 customers. At the same time, 3 other associates are doing nothing. Deplorable service!! Obviously the other reviews were written by BAC. Finally, they say I'm an Advantage customer due to my longevity. If this is how they treat loyal customers,  how do they treat everyone else? Don't bother calling Customer Service to complain, they keep you on hold for HOURS.
I second Christian A's review. Hostess was great!Food was cold, no follow up by the waitress, awful service. I spoke with the manager heidi, who cared about as much as the waitress. Afterwards realized the manager watched as we had to get up to get condiments and ignored our obvious need for assistance. We still left $5 on top of a $32 bill. What a rip. Won't be back.
Great food! We had the fish taco plate and the local fish any style, blackened. Good size portions, fresh food, fantastic staff! Can't wait to try again! Think this would do really well in downtown Phx, near ASU and UA. Gotta space for you....
The waffles are so good. Speculoos and vanilla ice cream on a liege waffle can't be beat! Best dessert around in my opinion.
Love this place ! Always good food and nice drinks. Good service
Always great service with a smile and friendly conversation. Great food for a great price and huge portions. I recommend this place to everyone.
Great wine and space! Awesome ownership. Highly recommend that you support and check out this locally owned business!
In my opinion Taggia deserves somewhere between 3 and 4 stars.  So I'm rounding up from 3.5 to 4 stars.  Both the food and service somehow fell a little short of expectations despite the impression that they put forth a lot of effort.  The menu is interesting with a mix of italian staples like pizzas and a diverse selection of seafood and pastas.  We started off with some standard antipasto including prosciutto, salumi, olives, cheese, and marcona almonds   All were pretty good but nothing to write home about.  However, the caponata/burrata spread over grilled bread was a nice way to start off a meal.My favorite dish is the pan-seared sea scallops in brown butter with grapefruit and capers.  With specials like hand-made pastas we also tried the gnocchi with veal ragu and crab ravioli.  The veal ragu sauce was hearty and stoodout more than the gnocchi but the flavor of the dish seemed to still lack something.  It tasted something like your grandmother would make out in the countryside villa.  The sweet corn crab ravioli was also so-so and did not live up to expectations based upon the ingredients and description (ricotta cheese / sweet corn / wilted spinach / porcini butter). The Scottish salmon was good and I would order again even if cooked a little more than to my liking.      The dining room is fairly intimate and if you enjoy eating al fresco there is a great patio.  While Chef James and the service staff were very friendly and patient, there were inconsistencies throughout our experiences.  Food-wise everything seemed really fresh and the quality of the ingredients high, however, the tastes and presentations seemed more like dinner party food rather than fine dining.
Nice neighborhood feel and friendly staff.  STick with the 'que...
I gotta give credit where credit is due:  for a corporate behometh sbux delivers.  They're not selling coffee but rather an experience - consistency, speed, friendly service, a good meeting spot, and free wifi.This particular location doesn't have great inside seating areas, but the covered patio makes it a little more appealing to sit and enjoy.  Best of all the staff is always happy and will turn your frown upside down.
i love you lamar whoever you are. Discovered these donuts after a co-worker brought a box of a dozen or so into the office.  I couldn't stop myself and am embarassed to admit i ate 3 and probably would've had another if they hadn't disappeared. think the coworkers thought i was eating for two as they laughed in disbelief that all 100lbs of me didn't even bother making excuses. didn't care as i was in heaven. homer simpson wouldve gone mad for these and i'm still kicking myself for not saving 1 for later. If i ate 2 or 3 of the krispy or dunkin i probably would've keeled over.  These donuts look like generic supermarket ones but after you bite into them you realize krispy kreme and dunkin are no match.  There's only 1 location in Arizona but if you love donuts you've got to try these.
The 2nd time I went here to take out some out of town friends and they enjoyed it with a few minor mishaps.  Didn't see as much fusion on the menu as touted but it's probably a safer bet.  Some of the highlights were the roasted beet salad, the roasted chicken, and some sort of goat cheesecake.  A good place to go for a special occasion.
Went back and overall had a better experience:  better food and much better service.  Relieved to see some improvements and think that they will start to build some regular and return customers .Will be back with others to experience good Thai and  hope to see this place continue to pick up business!
This is going to be simple and succint:  If you have ADHD then come here.  If you don't want to go to old town and feel old then come here.  Or if you don't want to go to North Scottsdale and see a lot of silver then come here.  It's a sports bar so stick with the basics:  team jersey, beer, and more beer
Finally, a place up in the N. Scottsdale area where I wouldn't mind hanging out.  Why'd it take so long for someone to figure out that there aren't any N. Scottsdale places for those over 22 but not quite in the 40+ crowd?  Good place to go on a date or out with the girls for drinks.  Only tried a couple of things to nibble on while sipping champagne but nothing really stood out.  The servers need a bit more training in addition to some quality control on the food.  However, with these things fixed I'd definitely go back.  Also, looking forward to checking out the afternoon tea.Note: this place turns into a club after hours...
I hate to do this but I can't say I'd recommend this place.  I've been there a couple of times and the experiences were similar.  The food is mediocre and a bit high on the pricing.  There is a lot of room for improvement on the service side:  inexperienced, not trained, and painstakenly disorganized and slow service albeit the staff were friendly.
Pretty unique spot in Old Town.   Live country music and dancing.  Bring your boots and have fun!
With no other javahouses in the near vicinity (except for sbux with a mile long wait) this place will give you your fix.  Best of all they're pleasant and friendly.  Not the best coffee but extremely convenient when you need a cup of joe and don't feel like getting out of the car.  Will definitely be a repeat customer...
With all of the competition in the area I decided to return to this place despite it being a bit more expensive.  It's new, comfortable, and clean  - especially important when the risk of um unsightly germs and potential infection can be reduced.Great service - friendly staff and most importantly left with a little pampering and the inside scoop on Vietnamese food in the Southeast Valley.
Pluses:1.  Quaint bar/lounge2.  Good cocktails and wine selection3.  Gruyere Popovers4.  Comfy seating5.  Quality of food is excellent, especially the Branzino!  Short ribs were good but very heavy, 6.  Service - attentive without feeling hoveredMinuses1.  Pricey - drinks and food, sides are extra and add up2.  Noisy - gorgeous wood floors don't absorb the clatter and chatterAll in all I would recommend BLT as a good place to go for a special occasion.
So disappointing-  After two visits both times the chicken and shrimp were terrible.  Shrimp were overcooked and chewy while the chicken was overdone as well. The veggies and rice are fine as so are the sauces.  Friendly quick service but the quality isn't there.
This place opened up about 2 months ago and checked it out last week for dinner.  First impressions: - Enticing aroma of spices from the kitchen-  Clean but not much done in terms of atmosphere or decor:  a few key touches could spruce up the place.  Also, some music would help to set a relaxing setting-  Old and really old customer base-  Friendly service- Tandoori dishes were well prepared including Tikka Masala and the chutneys- Prices are high and naan is extraOverall good place to go for Indian food in N. Scottsdale
Downtown and it's late but need a place for a bite and a drink?  Hanny's is a much needed welcome addition to the area.  While the food is not bad go for the atmosphere and drinks.   Atypical from this po-dunk town this is a good place to go solo or meet up with a group.  Also, checkout the $28K meat slicer at the bar (a work of art). Overall:  Great bar.  Great cocktails.  Great service.
Its ok; 2 stars for food and 3 for service.  They make a good effort.  The fish is edible and if you live here it should suffice.  That's my opinion & of course subjective.  But giving it 5 stars is like asking an Italian for a recommendation and they give 5 stars to Olive Garden.
Been here several times with the drive thru and eating inside.  Service is good but the food Quality has gone downhill.  So disappointing that the Frittata was not fresh... Nuked eggs were not good.  Reheated frittata was overdone.
Do not take your car in for service here!  They will not only rob you but they will smile while doing it.  Decided to include my experiences after I saw the incredulous overall 4 star rating for this place. (Yes a car salesman will do whatever it takes to make a sale regardless or where you're at ,ie, there is no difference between a salesman at a BMW dealership or one at a subprime used car lot like drivetime.  They are not your buddy and let's face it they are not "caring individuals" as another reviewer commented.  why would they care?)First incident: they gave me the hard sell on an extended warranty contract as I was told that my brakes were very close to needing replacement.  worried about the notoriety of problems on older vehicles i bought one.  a bargain at $3500+ especially when replacing brakes would easily be more than that right?  well after naively buying the "contract" for my used car i checked back awhile later on the status of my brakes and of course they looked fine. huh? didn't you tell me that the brakes were at 70% or so?so i sat down with them and asked them to look at all of my history and in fact, there was no record from my previous visits that they needed to be replaced.  wow.  very shady. no record. no recourse. and as i am walking out you mention that you would appreciate a 5 star service rating?  (btw, my brakes lasted another 1.5-2 yrs since then)Incident #2:  made appointment for something else and apparently they weren't aware that it was supposed to be covered. go figure. had to go thru the hassle of pulling out and reading thru the fine print.  and again they smile and say that i'll be receiving a survey and they would appreciate a perfect rating? finally, upon checking out and receiving the receipt and work records saw that 1 of the receptionists actually had the stupidity to type in her feelings in the comment section. excerpts included  'customer said that ....was covered. don't think so. whatever.'  and that's why you are sitting in that chair and will probably be doing so for the rest of your life.Overall, aside from the ridiculous labor charges (hourly equivalent to attorneys) the whole place needs to get a lesson in conscious business and social responsibility. Had the final straw after my last service visit here and they will never see another penny from me nor will they ever get any referrals from me. Oh and do you think i'll buy a car there? whatever btw, have never been offered limo service nor never seen a massage therapist as 2 reviewers have mentioned. you won't even get a bmw loaner but they'll drive you to a rental car shop and if they're feeling generous bump you up from economy up 1 level at no charge.
Bravo!  The wood-fired Pizza oven is an awesome addition as well as the extra patio seating. As always pastas are cooked al dente perfectly. and the cozy familia atmosphere makes this place one of my favorite neighborhood spots. Grazie  grazie
Great bar, great atmosphere, great service!Citizen crafts classic old-school cocktails courtesy of Thomas and Rich.  ON top of that they have a few beers on draught, by the bottle and a pleasantly surprising wine selection.   Food-wise the menu is kinda geared towards comfort and southern style offerings including mac-n-cheese, scallops with bacon and corn grits, dungeness crab cakes with complementary slaw, pork-belly, etcAgain, overall good place to go for a casual and relaxing drink or two. Will be back for more...
Great bar area, specialty cocktails, and attentive service.  A long-awaited return... And will definitely be back soon!  Go and try the unique schochu infusions...
More like 3.5 stars this is their 2nd location with the 1st in old town scottsdale.  There isn't much to the decor but it's pretty clean and the food is consistent.  While they need more hired and seasoned help the staff is friendly and do what they can.  But the real reason to go there - the naan.  Hmmm....hmmmm... good.  Pillowy soft and freshly made in their tandoor oven.
Best for a quick bite or an on-the-run pick up.  Got a chance to stop in for a visit as well as did some takeout.  All you need to know are 2 words:  "Scooter Monkey"... you're welcome!
A 4-star average?  Really?  I am not surprised by the long lines and crowds because there really aren't any good everyday kind of breakfast places in Scottsdale.  so i guess when the bar is set really low it doesn't take much.  It's as ridiculous as people waiting for The Good Egg.  How hard is it to screw up breakfast?Yes bacon and waffles are good and bacon in a waffle is good but this isn't original and it isn't a gastronomic feat. maybe i'll return when i'm 65 and  i move 10 feet in 2 hours and have no taste buds left.
Frozen yogurt here tastes pretty good but the price is steep in comparison to other places. Like a lot of other places it's self-serve with a toppings bar.  They don't really do any advertising but  it seems as tho they've got a reasonable following especially with the after school crowd. Wish they would disclose basic  ingredients (sweeteners?) and nutritional content.
Fun place for a few beers and live music.  It's a big space with a lounge-like room in the back for some good entertainment.  I've heard mixed reviews on the food from good to meh but both times I stopped in were for the liquid meals.  As for the beers of course there should be something of interest for just about anyone There is a pretty good beer selection from your ales, ipas, and lots of local flavor.  Service was a little slow but overall okay.  The bar is pretty big and open with plenty of seating.  Will have to sample the food and stay a bit longer on my next visit.
This place is a yogi and yogini's delight.  Similar to Lucy stores but has selections for men. Not cheap but the selection and quality are great.  If you're looking for workout clothes or equipment they've probably got it. The staff are super helpful and they offer interesting activities such as yoga classes or even hiking.  Have been to a few stores across the US and have never had a bad experience. So glad it finally made it's way here.
Great coffee and fantastic service:  This neighborhood joint is a must when in the area.  It's quiet for study or a private conversation with plenty of comfortable seating.  They have a drive-thru window too if you don't have time to sit.  Plus, they always provide service with a smile!
Food is ok and the beer selection is pretty typical for a sports bar. The chicken "focaccia" sandwiches are ok. They aren't made with the traditional Italian focaccia bread but rather more like a middle eastern flatbread or wrap.  Happy hour selections are pretty weak for food but the drinks aren't bad with $3 for 32oz on draft.Inside bar and decor of this location is pretty depressing but the patio is large and can seat plenty.  Service   is  ok and haven't experienced any issues.    If you are looking for a place to watch  a big game this place will do.
Been here twice and not sure if i'll return.  The first time I came here was for a massage.  The second for a facial.  The massage was ok, however, the facial was not.  The facilities were decent with a good fitness center but I noticed on my second trip that the jacuzzi was so filthy that the foam was brown and the scum on the side walls looked like it hadn't been cleaned in awhile.  Overall, it was not as a relaxing experience as expected.  The general lounge/waiting area was co-ed and a little cramped. While i can appreciate couples wanting to spend time together it is a little uneasy to be sitting 3 to a couch half naked with wet hair and red-faced in an oversized robe. But the real disappointments were the relatively inexperienced facialist and the scars left on my face. It was going ok until she tried extracting the same places several times with each time more painful than the last.  Even after 50 minutes my face was still bleeding.   I haven't had a spa facial since then.
Stopped in for a light dinner and was pleasantly surprised.  There's an odd table sectioned off right at the entrance which also separates the small but cozy bar area from the main dining room.  Positives:1.  Visually pleasant/ modern decor2.  Friendly servers 3.  Decent wine selection with good California representation (finally)4.  Scallops perfectly prepared5.  Nice patio seatingNegatives:1.  Bland ambience, need some life in this place2.  Salmon overcooked (asked for med-rare)Overall, a 3.75 star experience
Capital Grille always hosts great events and I've had a few other special occasions that were positive experiences as well.  Great food pairings with the wines and liked how informative they were; the chef came out to talk and describe the dishes and the sommelier helped explain the pairings.  All of the staff were courteous and professional and would definitely keep it on my list of great venues.
Nice little breakfast and lunch neighborhood spot with friendly service.  We enjoyed the Monte Cristo with sweet potato tater tots and a chicken salad.
I spend too much of my waking hours at this mixed office/retail space and I pay $75/month for garage parking in a city where parking is usually free so naturally I can't be completely objective about this review.  Generally, it's Outdated, with too many empty suites, and expensive parking.Take a look at the restaurants that somehow survive or haven't.... Houston's moved across the street, McCormick & Schmicks remains empty, and so does the space that housed a chain steakhouse that anchored one end.
in my book this place deserves between  4 and 4.5 stars. it's all about the oven-baked bread. a limited menu but focuses on great sandwiches with quality ingredients.  can't go wrong with the classic tomato,mozz, and basil sandwich. delicious. only thing i wish was for some indoor tables
If you go expect the typical Fox experience; ie, the focus is more on the concept and atmosphere and not on the foodUps:- Kobe burger (add the smoked bacon) cooked as requested   medium/rare- nice bar with both indoor and outdoor seating- plenty of patio seating- milkshakesDowns:- $14 kobe burger (good but wouldn't order again)- Buns don't work with the burgers both in flavor and texture.  same     wheat bun for all burgers. Toasting them would've helped- ahi tuna burger needed some more flavor- truffle fries were soggy and flavor was disappointing- chicken salad with almonds, goat cheese, and pomegranate was   plain and wish had skipped- nothing really unique about this burger joint- $6 milkshakes (they don't put any bourbon or any liquor?)
First impression: So this is where my tax dollars went (besides the unnecessary repaving of numerous roads).  Um this place is nicer than my corporate office.  (Briefly entertained the thought of taking some pictures & anonymously sending them to my CEO) With all of the bells and whistles it's got a modern design and the latest technology.  It's got at least 2 dozen +/-24" HP TouchSmart Screens and all of the top accompaniments.  There's even spa-like music playing in the background.  What is this place really?  Way up in N. Scottsdale I was up here in the area and thought I'd quickly stop by to check out the place.  Read about the recent opening and must applaud the efforts on making it a green friendly facility. Considering the budget woes and pathetic quality of public education thought it was ironic that Scottsdale opened another library. Scottsdale is applying to have the Appaloosa Library certified at the gold level in the U.S. Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design program.The 21,000-square-foot space is very contemporary; features natural lighting and a 600-square-foot array of photovoltaic panels that provide 2.5 percent of the building's peak energy demand. A monitor allows visitors to see how much energy from the sun is being generated for the libraryAlso, the library has a floating floor in the main room that makes it easier to reroute cabling to readapt the space and move bookshelves around.  Even the shelves feature energy-efficient LED lighting.With the exception of the children's area a lot of the shelves look kinda empty (guessing not from checked out books). Not a far-out assumption considering the demographics and its average literacy-level.  Off to see if I can book a foot massage with the help desk...
How do you fail with dessert?  And with chocolate for that matter.  This place probably doesn't even make their own desserts.When the server started by telling us about the fish special I decided that I would try that.  Of course they were 'out of it'.  So i opted for the tuna.  I figured ordered seared rare I'd be safe.  How bad could it be right?  Well, the tuna was ok (not the freshest) but the tapenade with it was just off.  Too overpowering It didnt go well with the tuna.Other dishes we tried were the campanelle which was better but nothing special that a decent home cook couldn't make.The remodel was nice inside but wasn't a fan of the outside patio seating.  It was awkward and not comfortable.  I did like the addition of the community bar tables as the bar area is pretty small.  But this place will continue to be busy as it looks nice and it's in a great location.
I've been there from it's early roots and been a big fan.  This place is a shining star in Old Town!  Hopefully they'll be able to continue with their standards post-transition but it's gonna be big shoes to fill...
I met the friendly owners at an event and sampled some of their creations.  Theres a lot of competition but hope they do well!
When you don't want to deal with going to the dentist, this place is Friendly, fast, and convenient to get a whitening or cleaning treatment!
2.5 to 3.0 stars but i'm feeling generous so i'm going to rate up.  I've been here 4x-5x to satisfy a pho or banh mi craving and each time I leave feeling a little unsatisfied even though I know not to expect much.  Pros- 1 of 3 Vietnamese restaurants in the N. Phoenix/N. Scottsdale area- Small, locally-owned business- Safe intro to vietnamese cuisine Cons- Lack of choices/competition in the vicinity keeps the food standards    set to mediocre- Atypical pho menu:  beef version omits tendon, tripe, and different    slices of beef- Where's the meat? Skimpy with the meat in pho - 3 ham banh mi (sub) should have 3 types of pork not 2.  Otherwise call it a 2-meat sub.  - Subs don't have the standard offerings like daikon radish or peppers - Pricey. $7.25 for pho and $5 for banh mi.  Yes, for those that aren't   familiar $5 is high as it is double what other places charge.this is what a vietnamese sub should look like: http://www.chow.com/assets/2009/07/pork_pate_banh_mi_sandwich_600.jpg
4.5 stars or nearly perfect (-1/2 considering the hefty price tag). The facilities are top-notch, however, my massage left me a little unimpressed.  (Obviously, the actual treatment will vary from person to person.)  Also had a classic manicure on a separate visit.  very happy with the results.  For both the staff were nice but again service will vary.The facilities included the usual steam room, jacuzzi, and sauna.  In addition, there was a waterfall pool and eucalyptus aromatherapy room,  Despite being busy the service was pleasant and helpful.  Also, the fitness center was well equipped and the outdoor rooftop pool area was cozy.
Great experience -Fun instructors and helpful staff!  Good workout for your core and would recommend you try it out.
Charming, intimate, low-key, cozy, and solid food.   It feels like you are at a friend's home.  There should be more places like this... like in Scottsdale.  Yes, there are real people living there that are constantly driving elsewhere but bitching about the lack of places to go to in the near vicinity.  Maybe there's someone who will take a hint...
quaint and eclectic! a good place to go for a romantic evening. it feels like someone's home.  also it's byob and there's a small patio off to the side that's great when the weather permits.  beware tho - everything and i mean everything tastes really sweet
Recently visited with a bigger group so my attention wasn't on the details.  Love the decor and it has a similar vibe to Zinc.  We started with the tableside guacamole and all i could taste was salt.  Also, ordered the almejas with a side of bread for dipping but again way too heavy on the salt.  I guess if they are going to err on the side of overseasoning vs. under its better to over to satisfy the masses. Shared the fish and pork tacos with their homemade corn tortillas which were pretty good.  Still willing to give them another shot.  The staff was friendly but very slow and screwed up the order forgetting one of our dishes.  Probably will go back to try out their churros and sit out on the cozy patio out front.
Great coffee and fantastic baked goods and pastries!
Great little hideaway.  Been here for lunch and brunch and every time it's consistently good food and service.  A regular in the rotation...
Pretty freakin' good burgers and the beer selection is awesome!The setup, however, is not!   Order at the counter than go get a table and wait for the food to come out.  1... by 1.... by 1 more... and by the time the other person is done eating their food.... maybe you'll have yours in front of you.Apparently this seems to be an issue with others and not sure it really makes good business sense.
I'm picky about Asian food so this place was a surprising find.  Here's is my overall take:  Food = 4 StarsService = 3.75 Ambience = 3 StarsValue = 3.75 Stars
If not one of the ugliest airports in the US certainly one of the most  depressing. In desperate need of some renovations, especially the outcast terminal 2 home to united & continental.  Driving around and out of the terminals can be a bit tricky and you may end up doing a few laps if you miss your exit.  Also, getting a rental car offsite can test your patience.  However, the short and long term parking lots are convenient and fairly inexpensive.And if you are in need of 1,000+ new pieces of luggage or some free stuff swing by the baggage claim and help yourself.
I'm upping this to a strong 4 stars.  Not cheap, but consistently Great coffee, expertly made espresso and americano drinks with the crema just right!  I don't know what happened but the chicks that work there are pleasant, effiicient, and a breath of fresh air.  I luv finding local businesses that I want to support and will be back on a more regular basis...
Nice patio and friendly service.  Food was ok but nothing memorable.  STick to classic breakfast and brunch.
Chelsea's is an upscale neighborhood place and The food is good and it's one of my regular places.  They offer standard southwest American style fare like burgers, tacos, and they do a pretty good brunch.  My go-tos are:- chicken nachos for the table to share - burgers w/ the grilled poblano- fish or steak tacos- chilaquiles- Brussel sprout salad- keylime pie- sangria, mimosas & bloody Mary'sOther pluses- they have patio seating when the weather is mild.  Negatives include: limited parking but they have valet. Also It's loud so it's better for groups.
Looking for some unique cheeses?  It's about time places like this pop up into this town.  PF shares a corner with D'licious Dishes and combines selective american artisan cheeses with some charcuterie.The staff are friendly and helpful and you'll most likely find something that tickles your fancy.  Tried some interesting flavored american cheddars and picked up some local goat feta.    Along with your cheese pick up a baguette, some fruit spreads, and whatever else you can grab on your way and bon appetit!
Not the cheapest storage facility, but it's well-maintained:  it's clean, well-secured, and convenient.  Best of all, the guys who work at the front are always friendly and helpful.
You know the saying that "you get what you pay for":  you'll most likely leave this place with that reminder going thru your head.  It seems more of a tanning salon but I don't like the tan look and am usually the one wearing the hat (while everyone else is tanning with baby oil or spf 2).  However,  I do like to get a manicure from time to time and hopped in to see if I could squeeze one in while next door.   Despite friendly and quick service, the end result wasn't as good as others that I've had done.  My nails looked a little sloppy and didn't last nearly as long as it should have lasted.  Generally cheap prices for a scottsdale so-called salon.  Doesn't look or feel like a salon but more of a drive-thru of miscellaneous salon/beauty quickies.
I have only been here a couple of times for lunch and haven't tried much on their menu but my experiences so far have been ok.  Nothing was bad but nothing was really memorable either.It's a little place that feels like a converted wendy's or other fast food restaurant without much character.  On both occasions, we stuck to the 'lunch specials' but i think i'd be happier ordering from the regular menu.   SaBai serves standard traditional Thai/Fusion fare with typical offerings of stir-fry, curries, and the like.
Teeny tiny.  And I lived in a studio apartment in nyc for 5 yrs.  The facilities were minimal and didn't live up to the hype.  From the get go the experience didn't leave me wanting to return. The check-in desk was a little rude as they wouldn't let me check me in with a locker too early.  huh? Don't remember if they were all booked up or what excuse they told me.  However, I had a good facial- she was pleasant, experienced, and didn't go crazy with the extractions.
Easy maybe but not fresh. This place reminds me of a gas/convenience store without the gas services part.  Most of the produce is packaged in plastic and found  much of it to be brown and old or on the verge of getting there . Why would they put tomatoes and other soft fleshed fruits and veggies in unbreathable plastic?  Try putting a plastic bag over your head and see how fresh you become after awhile.Other misses:- tasteless prepared entrees.  even the premade soups aren't good.- meats and seafood are limited and look kinda iffy- an overabundance of the "f&e" brand vs. other brand offerings- organic  selection is practically nonexistentAlso, have visited the Frank LLoyd Wright location and had similar experiences. Ok as a business concept but with horrible execution they may want to make some changes.
I've been to a several Valley resort spas and this one doesn't disappoint.  I guess rating and reviewing spas can be a bit tricky as not only treatments depend upon the staff but expectations and use of the facilities varies from person to person.  I'm a massage fan and love to use the steam, sauna, pool, and workout facilities.  Plush lounge areas and well-stocked shower and locker rooms are pluses.The pool and pool area at this resort spa was the biggest that I've experienced.  Plenty of lounge chairs and a swimming area larger than average.  I also enjoyed 1 of the 2 outdoor showers.  Can't explain it but you'll know what i mean when you try it.  Made me want 2 get one for my home.But i digress, the spa also has a decent cafe overlooking the pool area and the upstairs lounge area was very comfortable.  Need to go back soon!
Great ambience, comfy seating in and outside on the patio, pretty good coffee, friendly service... hope they can keep up the good work!
In a rush to get a quick lunch while in the area we opted to go here over the Paradise Bakery down the street.   While the food was ok and i'm all for supporting a small locally owned business we walked away a little disappointed. They focus on all types of breads including a variety of loaves, rolls, and some baked goods.  The also offer the usual lunch options of sandwiches, soups, and salads (premade).  Tried 1/2 chicken salad sandwich on some sort of raisin bread and a chicken noodle salad and 1 drink.  Both were not bad but also not memorable or unique in any way.  Service was  so-so as you got the impression that they were just focused on finishing up lunch service so they could close shop.  In their haste to get orders out they rang up ours wrong and forgot the roll and dressing. Overall seemed kinda pricey at $18 considering what we ordered and the competition. And unless the weather is nice enough to sit outside there is only seating for 8 or so. Nothing really unique about this place and can neither endorse nor oppose going to this place.  Give me a few days and i will probably forget about this place.
Similar to the other locations it's a good place to get your fix to go.It's hidden and there's a 2nd location/kiosk near the sushi place as well.
Go for the entertainment (people watching), the large bar area, the drinks, the bread basket, the SEAFOOD, the live music (albeit las vegas cheezy), and the BUTTER CAKE.Standouts:SEAFOOD TOWER, Shrimp cocktail, Rib Eye, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Mastros Mashed Potatoes, Gorgonzola Mac 'n Cheese, Green Beans and Almonds, and again the Butter CakeService is great except for the bar area but if it's not packed and if you can get seated sit at the bar area!  There's often live piano playing but if that's not your cup of tea the people watching is um entertaining at the least.
i've been meaning to come here for awhile now and glad that I did.  The place feels like someone's home:  warm, inviting, and relaxing.  In fact the waiting area was setup like someone's living area with couches, books, art, etc.We started off with a few cocktails and they make them good and strong!  The okra and shrimp came with some interesting dipping sauces and had quite a kick.  I am not a big southern comfort food fan but Tuck Shop does bring a nice, light touch their dishes.  The mac n' cheese was good but I expected it to be divine, especially with lobster added to it.  The baby lettuce salad was refreshing on a hot, summer night in the desert.  But the pork t-bone was my favorite of what we tried as it was juicy, well-seasoned and perfectly cooked.The servers were friendly and courteous and made the dining experience a great one.  Looking forward to going back1
It's easy to forget that there may be decent places to eat up in N. Scottsdale.  Heading back into town from Carefree we decided to get dinner on the way and saw the sign in the strip mall.  I told my friend to just drop me off  to check out the place before she parked.  Not looking like a Pure or ultra trendy/gimmicky Japanese restaurant it caught my interest.  As I looked thru the window I saw an actual Japanese (not Korean - asians can tell the difference)  chef behind the bar.  Not really expecting much I suggested we give it a shot.We sat at the bar and a friendly Japanese woman (later learn that she is the owner/chef's wife) greeted us with menus and pointed to the specials board.  While the fish on display seemed limited it didn't' look daunting.  We ordered some sashimi, a few specials, and 2 rolls.  The quality and freshness was surprisingly very good; pieces were cut with precision and the rice was just right.  Prices were a little high but i guess justifiable considering the rent and other operating costs to this small establishment.It's too bad this place is kind of out of the way and currently only has dinner service.  But If you're into a more traditional style sushi experience with a simple approach you may want to check Toyama out.
More fusion as expected in this part of town...Overall Rating:  3.7 rounded up to a 4.0Service:  Pleasant and gracious  - 4.45Food:      Experiences have been mixed.  Generally a 3.0 - 3.7Ambience:  4.0-4.5With the same menu and a little bit morel formal feel, the experience at this location is pretty similar to the original/first one in South Scottsdale.  Not necessarily a destination drive but it's as Southeast Asian as you're gonna get in this area.
Did you ever see the Seinfeld episode where the froyo isn't as figure-friendly as Jerry and Elaine thought?  Well, lately I've been succumbing to the afternoon sugar cravings and it's getting out-of-control.  It's surprising to see that not all frozen yogurt shops are alike.  The flavors here were mediocre at best, but then again most anything laced with sugar or sugar substitutes can pass for edible.  On top of lackluster flavors, some of the other negatives of this place:- mixed flavors were watery/runny- they use a lot of splenda - expensive  by comparison - you leave unsatisfied and end up going somewhere else after to make up for it
Chris showed up to the house right on schedule and it only got better from there. Chris was able to troubleshoot the system and provide the necessary guidance and maintenance that was needed. I look forward to working with Bond Heating and Air Conditioning in the future.
Kevin was hired to bring the pool up to an acceptable condition. Kevin did that but as you can see the pool quickly feel back into the same condition as it was prior to hiring Kevin do do weekly pool maintenance.  Even though Kevin has been paid he remains unresponsive to our texts messages and phone calls. If a picture is worth a thousand words then here are two pictures.
The food was average Italian, good but not excellent. This place, is great for the ambiance around Old Montreal, especially outside when it's warm enough. We found that the service was good and because of our waiter, Amen, we had an even more pleasurable evening here at la Bella Vita, which is why the rating gets bumped up to 4 stars.
Exotic Racing is pretty amazing. Ferrari's, Lambo's. The Porsche's seem almost ordinary. Corvettes far to common to make the cut. This isn't a rich friend letting you drive their car a few blocks down the street. This is  full bore racing!! It's only against the clock but where else are you going to get the opportunity to go all out in a Ferrari 458!
It was great pizza!!! Super fast service!! My only complaint.....its too quiet in there...needs to turn up tv or play some music : )
got a pizza....definitely not worth the 20$$$ tasted like little ceasers!!!!  will never go there again!!!!! if i want crappy pizza i will go pay 5 bucks!!!
the only good thing about this location....shyra!!!! she was sweet and a great employee. :)  the pizza got me and my son sick!!!!! definitely not going back to this location!!!!!  very disappointed!!!!! :( :( :(
Carol was a sweet waitress she was on top of all her tables. The food was good except the bacon was way to crispy for my liking. :) but I WOULD deffinatly come back!!!! I want to try a open faced sandwich.  Thanks Carol again for being GREAT!!! ;)
alexis at the register is disgusting!!!!!! she puts her hands in her hair then touches plates , to go boxes. retrain your workers on food safety and sanitation!!!!!!  or hire people who actually care about their job!!!!!!
food way over priced!!!definitely not worth it. pictures all over are a misrepresentation of what you actually get!! very disappointed. the next time i want a sandwich i will go get stuff from the store.wish jason's deli was still open!!will definitely not be coming back!!!
it's alright!!!!definitely not worth the price!!! you can go eat at red robin cheaper and better (not flat, dry)i ordered a bacon cheeseburger,small fry small drink every time i picked it up the bacon would come off (its all little pieces) very annoying!!!!fries...not everyone likes to dip them in ketchup!!! (that's all they have) :( overall....not worth 13 bucks
YUMMY!!!!! Really good pizza. Salad was good .philly cheese steaks are bomb. SUPER BUSY....that should say it all. :) staff were all professionals and super sweet. Keep doing what you are doing...ITS WORKING :)
Have been taking my pets to Pet Hospital for over 29 years.  So obviously, I am a satisfied customer.       Everyone I have dealt with at the front desk of the  hospital on separate occasions are friendly and also very caring.Friday, Jan. 18th, 2013 I had to put my 16 yr old cat ( ASHES) to sleep.  I chose Dr.  Claudia Danforth for her professionalism, knowledge and most of all compassion.  Thank you Dr. Danforth for making a very sad experience a gentle, comforting experience in the sharing of my cats'  demise.1,20,2013Lorraine
We learned about this pub crawl via Yelp and has a blast. Very diverse group of people and several of them had been on the crawl before. Jessica and Joe are very accomodating and entertaining. The pubs/bars we went to were nice and we went right to the front of the line. I would have liked to have gone to Trist earlier on in the evening. Great time for the value!
I would actually give the hotel and spa a higher rating but their location and lack of accomodating guests to get to/from the strip lowered their rating. Location is HORRIBLE. $55 cab ride into town AND they only have one shuttle bus. Terrible strategy. They should have mutiple buses -- one for the airport and one for downtown and they should run every hour. Nice hotel though. Beds were very comfortable, rates are good, etc. We only stayed there because of a conference and if we had to stay again we would rent a car.Oh, also, they make you sign up for their shuttles 30 minutes before so you have to go down to the lobby 30 minutes before you want to leave -- poor planning.Also, we found a nice Yelp review of the lobby bar and were looking forward to "hanging out there". It is very nice BUT no one served us and it didn't open until 4:00. What? Yes, we were sitting near the bartender where he was just standing looking at us. He didn't even walk over to see if we wanted something to drink. Horrible service.
Great nightclub! The size really helps manage the crowds. We started out by the pool and then went inside and danced -- there wasn't much dancing outside but maybe it gets started later on (we left around 2:30). It is really a nice mix of indoor and outdoor pool areas. A nice change from hot closed clubs. They leave the windows open out to the pool so it feels integrated. The DJ's were amazing and we are glad we stayed for the 2nd DJ. We were thinking the first guy was great (Nelson I think) but when the 2nd DJ came on he had a light show and put on a GREAT show. We were glad we stayed. The dance floor was crowded and we clearly were some of the oldest people in the club as most of the people are in their 20's but who cares. We had a GREAT time. We thought the security did a great job of being in the shadows. Some of the clubs in vegas the security gets in everyone's face and constantly "don't do this, don't do that, don't have fun" etc. We went out several nights while in Vegas and saw a mix of people but for some reason there were a lot of Asians in XS. No big deal but it seemed to be a high % of young Asian men.
Picking the wedding salons at the Wynn was the best choice we could have made. When we got engaged we knew we wanted a small wedding and we both love Las Vegas we visit a few times a year. We decided to fly out and visit a few resorts 4 in total. I knew I wanted an outdoor ceremony and was pretty sure before we got to Las Vegas I knew what resort I was going to pick. That all changed when we saw the beautiful chapels at the Wynn. We both instantly knew this was where we wanted to be married. We are lucky that we live in Colorado which is a close and cheap flight to Vegas so we were able to make a few trips to finalize our plans. Fear not if you can't make a trip to visit Las Vegas to pick your location that you would make a great choice by choosing the Wynn. Our guests raved about how elegant our wedding was.I have to say the best part of the experience was working with Kabbie and Monte Ray. They are both amazing! They were extremely professional and made the process easy. Anytime I emailed them I had a response same day. I would highly recommend working with them they will make planning your wedding a breeze! Planning a destination wedding is stressful enough it is nice to have someone in your corner who truly cares about making this day the best day of your life.The wedding salons at the Wynn have lots of packages at different price points. You receive a list of upgrades and additions you can add on many months before the wedding. We felt the chapel was so pretty on its own that we didn't add any additional dcor. We decided to put our money into upgrading my bouquet (totally worth it turned out amazing in pictures). We also decided to add an extra hour of photography  and buy the disk of all the pictures and the legal rights to our photos.I was a little nervous about the photography since I had never met the person. I couldn't ask for better pictures. The Wynn is a beautiful setting for pictures you won't be disappointed. We worked with Patrick who was amazing. He took great pictures and worked with us very well. He was very nice and a pleasure to get to know. He was very good at making sure no one was in the pictures and kindly asking people to wait while he got a few pictures which was very important to me. I could go on and on but I hope this review gives an overview of important details that you are looking for to plan your wedding. Just know if you pick the Wynn you will have the wedding of your dreams and your guests will love every minute of it!
The Palm is located in The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. My boyfriend and I went here on a weekday for dinner after making reservations on OpenTable and were seated right away in a cozy booth. Our food was great! The bread was amazing (all four different kinds). My boyfriend ordered the New York steak, and I got the filet mignon with a 6 oz. lobster tail on the side. Both were really delicious! Our waiter was prompt and polite, and he answered all our questions about the different steaks we could get. I had a really good time here.
The Sunday morning staff really needs some training. It appears someone called in sick so they were short staffed, so it taking a little longer is understandable but today it took 30 minutes to get 2 sandwiches and 2 drinks. Some employees didn't know they were supposed to make the food, others didn't know where products were and some didn't know what the promos meant.  Fortunately the food and drinks were your typical Starbucks quality so no complaints there, but 30 minutes to get Starbucks in way too long.
Placed an order online, since there is no warning saying how long it could take, you don't find out until after the order is placed. Not only was I told it would take an hour and a half to have my pizza delivered, it still is not here and it's been another 40 minutes past the time it was supposed to be here. When I called to figure out where my order was, I was rudely told, yours is up next, so I'm guessing my cooked pizza has been sitting around for an hour or so. The girl who answered the phone told me reason for the delay is they are short drivers and that they can't take the time to let people know that it will be longer than expected.  Great customer service! (Please take note to the sarcasm here). Not to mention, never was there an apology for the inconvenience.Clearly there is a management issue here, how hard is it to figure out how to have the correct number of drivers and to make sure if one of your employees doesn't show up, there is a back up plan in place? Considering the other reviews I failed to read, it really seems like a management scheduling issue! The convince of delivery just isn't worth it here!!!!  I'm pretty sure in the franchise operations book there are scheduling help guidelines, so to the owner, you might want to read that. You could always contact your territory manager, the regional manager, or the operations team at Yum! Brands, I'm sure they'd be more than willing to help!
Quick, decent chinese food. Love the Walnut shrimp and Crab rangoon!
Super food!!! Had a great meal here last weekend- literally everything we ordered was awesome. Highly recommend the lamb tacos. Shout out to the manager who helped us with our "ItsOnMe" issue - great guy- Thanks!
This place changed my life! I have been going for about a year now and can honestly say I've never been in better shape! It WORKS- and it's worth every penny. For a fraction of what you would pay a personal trainer you get unlimited classes. When you are new you can certainly ask the trainer for more personal guidance, but by now I know what I'm doing so they are mainly there to motivate and keep you performing at your max potential. I have done Pilates, Hot Yoga, Cross Fit, Kettlebells, Zumba- you name it- and NOTHING has leaned my body out like Orangetheory.
Management here is a joke. Straight up lied to me when I called asking where my order was. When pizza finally showed up it was room temperature - cheese all congealed and wings cold. Please go somewhere else. In general I love Papa John's but this location sucks.
Great first experience! Took my two pups in at 12:00 and they were BOTH done by 2:00! Love the open area and no cages!
Really fast delivery - Food was piping hot - some strange things though... The chicken in the chicken chow mein was fried???? - WTF????? It wasn't terrible, but definitely not what I wanted. The walnut shrimp is GROSS - I order this everywhere and this one had a really sickly tangy sauce on it - YUCK . General chicken - their batter is kinda "fluffy" so there is a lot of fried dough before you get down to the little niblet of chicken. Ahi tuna nachos - NOT little chunks of diced fresh tuna but more like a tuna mashed up paste on the wontons. Fried rice was good - just reaaaaaly greasy - but still good flavor. Crab rangoon - fine. Wor wonton soup - fine.
Superb food, personal service, simply my favorite dinning experience.  This is why I still go out to eat.  My business is always appreciated and I leave with a dazzled pallet and a smile every time.  Customer for life!
We order from this place all of the time. I've had their Seafood Combo Tom Yum, the Sliced Beef Soup, the Beef Combo Soup, Fried Chicken Over Fried Rice, and now their Duck Soup. Everything is great.
I ordered from this place without issue in the past, but this last time has guaranteed I will never be coming back and you can thank your employee Cynthia for that. I ordered roughly $50 worth of food and gave a decent tip in advance.First problem, after waiting until my lunch ended I called to cancel the order and was told the order already left so I could not cancel the order. Second problem, the food came an hour after their delivery time stated. Third problem, the food came missing the coconut flan and the spinach and cream cheese soup.At this point I was fed up and told the driver I will not accept this order, it's late and missing items. I want to cancel it and have my money refunded. The driver David stated because of the delay and missing items I could get my refund, but he'd leave the food anyway. I told him I did not want the food so he decided to leave it with security and I went back to work leaving the food with security.Fourth problem, your employee Cynthia has the audacity to say that there was only one missing item and that they'll refund the soup, but the flan is in the order and I'll have to pay for the rest. So per Cynthia I am to pay full price for an order that was an hour late and also pay for one item I never even got.I informed the Eat 24 rep that the entire building is wired for audio and video and that security was willing to sign a statement on my behalf. I had to threatened to claim the charge as fraud and file a complaint with the BBB to get refunded. This isn't good customer service and Cynthia should be fired.
Crunch donuts are the best. Katy Cherry is the bomb.com. I just wished Ubereats listed all of their donuts in the list for the dozen donuts. There's a few I haven't tried yet because of that.
Great food, super fast delivery, you can preorder though eat24, and the Sweet Corn Fritters are to die for. Order them, you'll thank me.
Clean, but the service is poor and unapologetic, and the rooms are overly complicated with technology and the equipment faulty.During my stay, the TV has gone dark on the entire hotel for several hours, my room control system has inexplicably rebooted itself several times, and my curtains refuse to close!I'm trying to get some sleep, but the electronics refuse to function and there is no manual override for me to simply slide the curtains to a close!To make matters worse, the "IT department", who hold the power to my curtains and sleep, give me no ETA as there are several other callers with similar issues ahead of me!!  Unbelievable!Stay at the Wynn, Aria and most other MGM properties are riddled with unpleasantries.
Best Pittsburgh Bbq! Plenty of sauce options.  Friendly owner.  We periodically pick up for tailgate parties and I haven't got a complaint yet.  Priced reasonable as well.
Prices are very reasonable.  Overall the staff was friendly and very efficient.  They took plenty of time to answer all of my questions (even at the end of their day). The Dr is very friendly experienced and knowledgable.  Gave prescription for contacts without even asking...nowadays some places don't give that up so easily because they want contacts ordered through them.  This was not the case here as they weren't pushy.  Overall this is a fantastic place and I'm excited as I feel like I finally found a place in Oakland that I can go to for years to come!
I was there just last night for treatment for a sebaceous cyst that had abscessed (my GP didn't think it was infected, hence the necessity for a late-night emergency room visit). I can't say enough good things about them. From the front-line desk staff to the two wonderful doctors who treated me, everything was handled courteously, efficiently and with a large helping of empathy. Wait time was no more than 10 minutes, tops (of course, this will vary depending on day and time and severity of the other patients' injuries). I wouldn't hesitate to go back or to recommend them.
German motors rocks!!!  I  Broke down in my Dodge 1500 (American truck) not to far from german motors so my choice was limited. Everyone in that shop was friendly and educated, even about my American truck! not only did they fix it for a fair price but they also found some loose wires that could of caused a fire under my hood that my dodge mechanic in summerlin  wired  or didn't catch. Im the type of guy who likes my truck tip top and now I dont care what happens to either of my two american cars (Caddy and Dodge) Im towing them to german motors!
my shipment is currently missing. It's ten days late. Each day that it's been late, I've called and they've said "oh, don't worry, it'll be there tomorrow." Each day, they say the same thing. Finally, i saw that it said "Delivered." I got home to no package. No accountability, no guarantees, no way to ensure your package will be delivered. They SOUND reassuring at first, but I suspect it might all be a practical joke.
I'm not a fan of chocolate at all, but this place is so good & delicious! We missed our reservation but like 30 mins & the staff were so nice & we got seated almost right away anyways. We had 6 people in our group & we all ordered at 2 things each & everything was exceptionally good. Defiantly will be going back.
Not only is this one of the cutest shops ever, but they make the best desserts ever at a very reasonable price. It was packed when I was there, but the line went really quick even though everyone was really confused where the line was. I will defiantly be visiting here again!
Longest wait ever, but so worth it!! After reading the reviews I had to come here and see how great this place is. Our service was excellent. Even though the place was full capacity, our drinks were always full, and plenty of times someone came by to make sure everything was good. We ordered biscuits and gravy, a side of ham, an omelet, and French toast. Everything was delicious!
This is always  my #1 stop in Vegas. The best sandwiches in the whole wide world. The fact that it is open all the time is amazing!! Great place to grab a cheap bite to eat! And you always meet the coolest people in line. The staff has always been super friendly too!!
Way to overpriced for the quality of food. The service was super nice & good. The food was good. I tried my friend's bloody marry & that was tasty. However I won't be going back. There's way to many other better places to go while in Vegas.
Great place for a cheap, quick bite to eat. I was drunk every time I've had this, but it was always amazing, like most food is after drinking. Great place to get a little something in your tummy before a night of drinking!
Went here for a surprise party. They did a great job tailoring the event to our needs with a custom menu and dessert. The food was excellent and so was the service. Will definitely be back for brunch or dinner. The duck was great!!
The fish is dry. Been here twice with two people and it's been the same both times. You can make better fish for way less. Go get food at the market instead
Nicole made cupcakes and a cake for my birthday and they were wonderful. They tasted great and looked absolutely beautiful. She did such a good job that we've decided to have her do our wedding cake. She is always quick to respond and made sure to give us exactly what we asked for at a very reasonable cost. She's amazing! She definitely will not disappoint. Thank you Nicole :)
Food is excellent. I am strangely obsessed with the macaroons, especially strawberry and expresso. Everytime I go to Phoenix I always stop by and get macaroons and always pick some up for everyone back home. Just awesome
Usually I have a good experience here. I typically just pick out of the Emerald Aisle so it's fairly easy. Selection is usually good although National seems to have down graded their Emerald Aisle cars. Most recent visit I found the car to be just a little over 3/4 full of fuel. I didn't notice until I left the garage and did not have time to go back. Just make sure you check before leaving.
Diner vibe, diner prices, excellent food. Breakfast menu is pretty standard but everything is executed wonderfully and super tasty. Hashbrowns are so crisp, holy shit i just want a giant plate of them and a bottle of franks. Prices are crazy low and service was great.

21Stone

10oz17oz4$1003$360
Staff was great. Rooms were very clean. Breakfast was really nice compared to most, eggs and sausages were delicious. Conveniently located right next to lots of shopping and restaurants you can walk to. You can see the staff truly cares about your stay. The friendliest hotel I have been to & I travel quite a bit.
DO NOT come here unless you have at least 1.5 hours to wait to get your food. We came in when if wasn't busy but waited an hour before we just up and left. The couple who came before us had JUST gotten their food when we kindly asked them to just tell the owner we're cancelling our order. We left $6 for the can of Sprite and 2 bottles of water we had. The funny thing is the Indian family who came after us got their food first. The couple that was before us had an Indian guy so we think maybe they're racist. Plus we tried ordering a couple things including the masala but they said they were out. So in all fairness we don't know how to rate the taste of the food but everything else the 1 star holds.
I've been here twice in the past 2 days and I wish I lived closer! Food and coffee are both delicious, friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere. Will definitely return!
We live nearby and eat here on a regular basis. The green chili pork appetizer is delicious and I love the steak salad. Good value for quality and a nice atmosphere.
A really good organic restauraunt. Not the best because it's pretty commercialized as a fox restaurant concept. I prefer herb box and Cafe tryst. However if you like organic food and you are going to be at scottsdale quarter there is no better option.
This is just a different shell on a terrible restaurant chain. I went here hoping I would get something new and fun for breakfast that would tantalize the pallet. Instead I got a less fulfilling meal then I could have got at a Blythe arizona Dennys. Stay away from this boring breakfast.
Best breakfast borrito around try the mojo borrito. So delicious with a little chollulah and a tea. I love the dog parking for our dogs with a nice relaxing atmosphere.
I have never left a review on Yelp before but I was inspired to download the app just to warn people about this place. I wish I would have looked at reviews before I came here today. I used to make the drive from north scottsdale, all the way over to glendale just for this restaurant when I was 16 to let's say 20. I am now 30 and decided to mix things up with my girlfriend and try my favorite from when I was a kid. This place has gone down hill in a hurry. I laughed audibly out loud when I read the review previously written saying they think it changed hands. I had just done a Google search on my phone to see if they sold out. The owner must have gotten a new manager or food provider. The food made me sick. I ordered whole wheat pasta with the reduced fat marinara and it came out like a bowl of soup. We tried the 4.50 portobello mushroom appetizer and that was like a hot sponge soaked in vinager. The bread is soggy and nasty. I was embarrassed to take my girlfriend here.
Stopped here after a hike and the food was amazing. Fresh and delicious with many innovative options, I would recommend this place to everyone.
I actually enjoy the food at this place. I don't really understand the 3 star overall review. I will say as an iced tea lover it's hit or miss on the taste of the black tea. I would recommend their fried rice is good as well as the lo mein. They have very generous portions, I would order one entre for 2 people and share a side and maybe one of their tasty little appetizers. It's everything you can expect from a tiny little hole in the wall Chinese food restaurant.
Came to over easy to try something different, sat down on the porch with my two 10lb dogs and was reviewing the menu. A large waitress came up to me and snarled "we don't have a dog friendly patio, are they service dogs?" Which I politely replied "No" and left lol. Every other breakfast place in North Scottsdale is pet friendly, I guess it is their choice to refuse service to anyone, but to be rude about the dogs and not even politely explain to me their policy is rediculous. They should at least have a sign near the trail that leads up to the patio that says we are the only restaurant in town that hates your tiny dogs lol. I have eaten here before on occasion and the food has been going down hill for a while anyways. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. You can go to Kierland commons and eat at snooze which is way better food and they love dogs, shit I would rather eat at good egg.
I have to agree with the other reviewers describing the deceptive business practices of this company. I signed up for the membership for myself and my wife earlier this year. She got pregnant so we were unable to find time to go float, and we noticed the credits piling up. We decided to cancel our membership in April. We told the representative in the Scottsdale location that we wanted to cancel and we emailed the memberships email to ask for cancellation. They said everything will be taken care of and we should not be billed any longer. It is now July and I am still getting billed, I have called the scottsdale location on numerous occassions over the last few months and they keep advising me that i will receive a call from the district manager and she will take care of everything. They have said this now for 3 straight months and i have still yet to receive a call. Yesterday i finally received an email from her asking me to send proof that i emailed her in april to cancel the membership. This is rediculous, they have notations on their in house system asking for membership cancellation and requests to speak to the general manager dating back to april. I would not recommend doing business with this company. I would especially not give them a card for a monthly membership, because you cannot get out of it. I will now have to dispute these charges with my credit card company and go from there. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE
I would not recommend this place to anyone. I wanted to get my cat nuetered and they quoted me a fair price over the phone. I got into the office and I was advised that the price that was quoted over the phone was a low end price. They advised me that they would not give him an IV or some of the other things they didn't consider necessary but they would strongly recommend it because my cat could die if there is a complication. The vet assistant advised me that she buys the extra package because she wants to make sure her pets are safe. This felt like an entire sales presentation. When you are playing with someone's emotions over their animal and trying to extort more money from them it is extremely unprofessional. I walked out and would never do business with a place that doesn't put my animals safety as its first priority. They are more concerned with your money than the safety of your animal.
Trash, there are 50 million mexican restaurants in az. I would rather eat at filbertos then this place. Save the money and go to any of the 6 within 2 miles of this place that are actually good.
The food is really good, I would recommend the chicken beer sandwich with the taziki sauce that is delicious, artichoke dip is also one of the best I have ever had. Unfortunately the staff is subpar, I would one star them for the staff but the food is probably a 5 star so you can't completely discredit the place for a terrible staff.
First of all there shouldn't be a 25 dollar charge to watch my dog for 2 hours after the grooming is done. Secondly I have 2 dogs and I decided to give this place a try for my Havanese, the other dog was fortunate enough to stay home. After our visit to D pet hotels our dog has been itching nonstop, he also now smells like a 1970s old shag carpet that feet have been trampling on. I would not recommend anyone ever take their dog to this establishment.
I can't believe I gave this place a 5 star rating in my last review. I had such a good experience before and now I will never return. Tonight I took the wife here for dinner to see what dinner was like since lunch was a delight, I ordered the half rotiserre chicken with a side salad and green beans. I asked that my salad be made without Goat Cheese.  I get my dish and see a half rotiserre chicken buried in field greens with a side of green beans. The food looked delicious on the plate. I start eating the chicken at first, and it is moist and flavorful. I then take a bite of some of the salad and buried deep under the layers of greens was the goat cheese. I unknowingly put a large portion in my mouth and almost threw up on spot. Goat cheese does not do well with me. I gave up on my meal immediately at this  point and was left with the sour stomach feeling. I wasnt going to say anything, just really make a mental note that I wont be ordering salads if I go back. My wife decided to tell the waitress on her way to the bathroom what had happened. She approached me and said oh i guess they missed some, which to me either means the salads are premade and sitting out waiting to be served, or they put it on my freshly made salad and someone noticed and said you need to take that off, instead of just making a fresh salad. Either way I find that practice unacceptable. We advised the manager on duty of what had happened, and I think he could have cared less. Its that lack of care for the customer, and the idea of old salad being served that has dropped this place to 1 star in my opinion. I will never go back to this establishment.
Not a bad little place if you are heading into a movie. It is a relatively healthy little arrangement for 1/10 the time as the more tastey finer dining of Persian room right down the street. Eat here if your in a hurry and Persian room if you have all the time to really enjoy the experience.
Beautiful back patio overlooking the golf course but food is mediocre at best. Some decent appetizers but over priced for quality. Try the bruchetta.
Whenever someone asks for a recommendation for a nice place to eat in North Scottsdale I recommend this everytime. Great food their couscous is bomb. I also recommend the AZ burger, brisket is also money. Great craft beer, with an awesome dog friendly patio you cannot beat this place.
If you live in the area this is the night spot. I have been coming for years for Martin's Margherita. Great people work there and the food is always good. Try the platter with chicken or a steak borrito enchilada style. They also have the best tostadas.
One of the best breakfast places around. I went to the original back in Denver when they first opened with lines around the door. Only reason I am not 5 starring is because I feel they have commercialized too much. I see them all over the place now and they don't ever change the menu. I wish they would show more of the innovation that made them originally successful.
I had the Carne asada torta and it was delicious. Not a big fan of their full tostada sized chips but the sandwich was bomb dot com worthy of the 5 stars.
Best organic restaurant  in arizona. They had a fun live band when I went and the food was incredible.
First let me say since this was the first time I went to this location after the renovation. I was thoroughly impressed with the decor and ambiance. Unfortunately that was about all I was impressed with. If you are going to pay 12 dollars for 3 tiny meatballs you at least want good service. I asked for bread, it never came. I ordered the pork ravioli expecting my pallet to be delighted with the veal jus. It was terrible, I believe it might have been premade. My girlfriends risotto was horrible as well, with so much cheese you could hardly taste the mushrooms. Everything was incredibly overpriced for the quality. I wouldn't go back to this restaurant if they sent me a free 100 dollar giftcard. My stomache gets upset just thinking about going back. If you are urban spooning local restaurants to try something new, avoid this one in my opinion there are plenty of better Italian restaurants in the area for the price.
Ate here last week, and it was one of the worst experiences of my life. The food was terrible, and the service was even worse. I wouldnt recommend eating here to anyone, my dog wouldnt even eat the leftovers.
Had them come out to help me find a leak with my swimming pool. I was impressed with how fast they were at locating the leak. The price was reasonable, and they even fixed the leak after they found it. I was pretty happy I did not have to call another company and go through that whole process.
I have had Michael Troncellito as my legal counsel for multiple years. I started with him while he was soley doing accident work and he really helped me with a couple of car accidents i have been through. He has also as of late been my business legal counsel for my company. He has been a tromendous help and he is always a straight shooter that doesnt try to just charge you to rack up the bill
Mediocre at best, we were looking for something new and this place looked good online. The atmosphere was ok in keirland commons, the patio was nice, but other than the appetizers the food was meh. I had the kobe burger for lunch, and it was dry and tasteless. My wife had a turkey wrap which wasn't much better. If you want to eat here just order the artichoke fondue and some drinks.
I dont like the fact that the machines were over crowded, hell the whole place is overcrowded and it's like a fashion show. No real lifting is getting done just a bunch of people standing in front of mirrors checking themselves out.
Overpriced and the food quality is not that good. I have been sick twice after eating at this place. There are definitely better options around.
I called Dry Force as a referral from a friend. I had them come out to fix a flood at one of my fental homes. I have had a few weird happenings at that property lately, so i have had alot of contractors out. I looked up their Bbb rating before i called them and they had great reviews. I must say they lived up to the reputation. Great customer service from start to finish, pricing was fair, job was done to more than satisfaction
I used their Facebook special for 595.00 , they were extremely thorough and professional. I am so used to making bad reviews on Yelp that I forgot what it felt like to do business with a good company. I would definitely recommend them to anyone.
I have used H20 Pool & Spa Care for the last 3 years. Steve is a great guy, They are always on time and do a great job. I would recommend them to anyone looking for Pool Cleaning.
The experience wasn't so good for us. My family of five went there bc of the rave reviews on yelp and surprised by how so many ppl liked it there. They charged $5 adults, and $2 child, then they nickel and dime you for everything else in there. I realize it is farm so you expect the smell, but the whole place in general was so unkept. Everything in there seemed so filthy, I could not believe they were allowed to sell food in there. Being in there for an hour I had a bit understanding on how avian influenza may have came about. Close quarters, excrements, close direct contact animals...etcetc.  Also for a halloween theme event my wife and I didn't feel they didn't put in much effort. I have to emphasize again how unkept the place felt (to me).  2 redeeming value the farm had, imo, the horse ride my seven year daughter loved it and I've heard they were a rescue shelter for unwanted animals which I think is pretty cool... I hope the owners make some major renovation or hire management to clean up the place, would hate to see a place like this closed for the public and people losing jobs and income revenues and such....
They have the best meats to purchase among their competitors vons, smiths, walmart IMO. Sadly they are no longer 24 hours. They close at 1am and reopen at 5am.
Cool neighborhood place.  Nothing fancy, just a good place to have some wings and bear.
Good place. Not sure I would call it Island food, unless you think anyplace that has water around it is an Island. It is a mix of Hawaiian and Polynesian food. The food was good and the staff friendly. I will try it again now that I now what to expect.
I was totally surprised at how good this restaurant is.  I agree with everyone else on the service, decor, and margaritas!  The guacamole made table side was really good and fresh.  However, I really enjoyed my meal as did my dining companion. We had cerviche and Tacos Pescado.  Both were execellent.  i would highly reccomend this restuarant to anyone in the area!
Oh my goodness I can't possibly say enough about this show.... Absolutely FABULOUS!!! This was by far the best show we saw on our trip to Vegas this year! And will absolutely be on our itinerary for trips to come!!! So interactive, energetic, hysterical and just down right fantastic!! We were all smiles from the moment it started and hours after it ended. I can honestly say my cheeks hurt from laughing so much.
Decent food, poor customer service. I used to order a vegetarian sandwich and a mango smoothie here weekly on my lunch break. Last time I went, though, I was shocked to find multiple small pieces of plastic blended throughout my smoothie. I was initially not upset, assuming that Lee's would make it right. Unfortunately I was wrong. I was treated poorly after returning with the pieces of plastic, to the point where the management was acting suspicious and basically accusing me of trying to scam them out of a smoothie. I was then told to write my name and number on a piece of paper and leave it with them so that a higher up could contact me when possible. 2 days later I received the phone call, ready for an apology and a refund at the very least. All they were willing to do was replace the smoothie. On top of all that, when I showed up for it, I had to argue with the manager just to get the same large size I had originally paid for. Safe to say my coworkers and I will not be going to Lee's anymore. Luckily there are many similar restaurants in the area. I'll post a picture of my plastic mango smoothie!
Worst hair experience since a long time. First Jonathan didn't listen to my requests (I showed him pictures before he started and reminded him a several times during the hair cut.), he cut my curly hair way too short. I have to wait now for months that my hair grows back and that I can do something nice and interesting with it. It was overpriced and then he has the cheek to ask for a tip. (In general you don't tip the boss/owner.)Also he is pushing too much the sale of his products in the salon. I am very disappointed.
I used Grand Prix Collision to fix fiberglass issues and repaint my 1969 Corvette. I pass this place every day on my way to work and have noticed what looked like excellent body and paint work on other classic cars. Tony and his crew were great to work with during the process. They were up front on all costs and allowed me to visit when I wanted to review their work in progress. I received my finished car on time and was extremely happy with the workmanship and the price. I returned to their shop a week later when I found what I thought was a flaw in the paint. They looked at it right away and fixed it on site as it was just splattered compound that had dried hard on the surface.Tony went over the car again with me and told me to bring it back if I found any areas of the paint that were not to my standards.Dan Z. Phoenix AZ
I have had to come to get blood work done multiple times this year. It is conviently located close to my house, so despite my poor experiences i have returned. I have to say today will be my last. I find the staff to have no people skills. Today when i walked in, there was no one in the office. A line of 6 people grew behind me as we waited for any kind of direction. I was 2nd in line, and could see in the back that they were drawing blood from a small toddler with the door wide open. I find that odd, to display in a medical office. Finally a lady came out, said its gonna be awhile. Okay then? My previous experience I walked in & signed in, but the two ladies behind the counter couldnt break their conversation to greet me. I was the only one in the office and I sat there patiently while they complained about a patient who filed a complaint about them and their customer service. They went on and on quoting her as I sat there uncomfortably listening. Thinking to myself that I agree with the unsatisified customer. Another encounter their system was offline, and they sat there bad mouthing Lab Corp. These girls are extremely unprofessional and need supervision.The one pleasant encounter i had was with a student who drew my blood, however I felt sad that she had to experience the women in this office as her example of how things are done.
Beautiful Outdoor Setting on the water. Makes you feel like you're no longer in the city. Happy Hour till 6pm includes $5 pitchers of Bud Light & $3 well drinks. The waitress had difficulty explaining food items on happy hour menu. Ordered wings-6 for $3.75 on HH, and antipasta butcher board for $9.75. Wings were perfect, crisp on the outside and juicy in the middle. Butcher board was basic came with a lot of hummus but only a little brioche. Overall great visit & amazing atmosphere.
I have a 2015 Kia Soul with less than 40,000 miles on it. I could not get it to start yesterday so I attempted to reach the dealership so I could get it looked at under warranty. The woman who answered the phone in the service department was anything but delightful and informed me that the next available appointment was 2 weeks out. I expressed how I did not understand since I have a newer vehicle that won't start how I was supposed to wait 2 weeks for it to be serviced. Long story short she had someone call me back and they were able to squeeze me in same day. While dropping off my vehicle I was confused as to where to go considering no one was outside or around to greet me. I was then escorted to Ed Jones booth where he was leisurely finishing a movie on his cell phone. He took my information let me know that I could wait for the shuttle inside. 45 minutes later I decided to call an Uber. Needless to say I am beyond disappointed in their customer service skills and lack of sympathy not only for myself, but for what I had to sit there and listen to during my wait for the shuttle. I don't know where the supervisor was, but they need to do some serious customer service training.
Cute Place, Good Music and atmosphere. Friendly Staff. The fact that theres a drive-thru with such a menu is awesome. However there are only a handful of parking spaces & places to sit. They also do not have a bathroom. Ordered a Breakfast Buzz & Iced coffee to drink. The Breakfast Buzz is AMAZING i highly recomend it. It is a blended beverage with expresso, vitamins, protien, & has a peanut butter/banana flavor.
I love this Mom & Pop shop!!! AMAZING customer service, always a friendly face!! Never dissappoints! Large Variety beverages & Doughnuts. I Love their Cereal Ones!! Youve got to check them out! If you live in the area, and havent swung in youre missing out!!
Great job! Got scheduled within 2 days for a carpet and couch cleaning. Michel arrived at first with the normal unit, and realized that a mobile unit would be needed. He quickly called help and the arrived within the next 45 minutes. On top of that, he treated a couple darker spots on my carpet with shampoo free of charge. Patrick was the technician and was polite and did a great job. Purchased with Groupon and was treated like a repeat customer. A+
I was recommended Truefoods by a foodie friend of mine and decided to finally try it Sunday for brunch. I went along with another friend who likes to eat just as much as I.We were seated outside as requested in no more than 5 minutes at a 4-top, which is always a pleasant surprise.I started off with a Moscow mule. The waiter came back out and said they did not have ginger beer and said he could recreate it with fresh ginger and such. It was even better than expected.We split 3 entrees: spaghetti squash casserole, mushroom flatbread and shaved turkey. Everything was excellent. They even split the entrees up for us.Highly recommend coming here if you like good service and good eats.
Fantastic job done by Ray! He was very responsive and we scheduled a time for him to come by the office and tint my car while I was at work. Did the whole thing including windshield in under 2 hours! Best prices in town and quality tint. Highly recommend! Thank you!
Had a last minute move needed and the guys at Donation got it done. Showed up right on time after a confirmation call. Got the move done in a hurry, making sure everything was properly wrapped and taken care of. Start and stopped the time right on the dot. Will use again! Thanks fellas.
All day, every day happy hour!Was very impressed by Big Eye Sushi Bar. At first glance, you would think this is a Japanese restaurant, but it is actually Korean that serves sushi (not mad about it!). We were greeted immediately and sat at the bar. The waiter was very friendly, providing helpful recommendations.Starting off with Edamame, Miso Soup, and Gyoza (pan fried), all were delicious.Entree's were the black tiger roll (must have) and the Dolsot Bibimbap. My only critism would be the Dolsot was slightly over cooked, being that it is served in a hot pot.Other than that, the experience was great and we plan to be back!
I've wanted to try Acai bowls for a while and I was glad to find Genuine Fresche. My friend and I usually meet up here during the day. Both the one in Gilbert and Chandler are equal distances from my house but this location looks much cuter!I always get the small bowl but I never finish it so portion sizes are great. I'm just a bit bummed how it's all crammed in a small cup; it doesn't look very appealing to me. It would be great if they offered the choice to eat in or a cup to go.I recommend Genuine Fresche!
Great food, great atmosphere, great people and of course the best Sparkling Shiraz in town.  The wings and cheese plate are my favorite.  Be sure to say hi to Roger (aussi) and Phil (english) when there.
This place has the BEST mixed veggies in town. The pad Thai and many other dishes are to die for. If you want it spicy just let them know and they'll kick it up even more than normal. The atmosphere is awesome, relaxing and quiet. The staff is extremely sweet and attentive, it's perfect in between classes!
Today I needed a haircut on the fly before a big recruitment night at school. Jay lined me up with a come over and it came out great. He's also a friendly dude and that's great for someone who you have to sit with for a while. Definitely recommend and will definitely be back. They'll also pick you up from the airport and get your stuff right before you vacation.
Ate there today. Not only was the food good but they had Shiner Bock on tap and the manager, as I perceived him, was great. Definitely will return
AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS. This is by far my new favorite place to eat in town. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The atmosphere created a place where you can meet new people who share similar ideas on diet and generally, lifestyles. I have had the pizzas, dumplings, pastas and jack fruit tacos, all were to die for. Give this place a try if you're vegan, vegetarian, or just trying to score a delicious and healthy meal. I would definitely say this is a great place to start if you want to get into vegan ism or vegetarian lifestyles.
Pizza was pretty great, the staff was friendly and made suggestions when I came in to pick up my order and talked like I had been there 100 times. Nice place.
This is the sweetest lady ever, they were closed and she saw me walk to the door and reopened to do my eye brows. Great service, great value. Thanks!
I just want to give this place a shout out for understanding the Vegan life! When I called to order my pad Thai with tofu, they asked if I was okay with egg. I was happy to see they were cautious of people's potential diet choices. Especially to those people who are new, such as myself and may not know that this dish contained egg. They also helped me pick an app over the phone that was vegan friendly. When I came in and asked what soup they had available the lady (who didn't take my order) asked if I was vegan and offered Tom kah or something of that nature. Which of course correlated with the diet. I ordered my pad Thai extra spicy and the soup spicy, they were both phenomenal. I also had an order or crispy veggie rolls, which were delicious with the plum sauce. Thanks for the great food! I'll be back soon!
It seems like everyone's first day in this place. It's taking half an hour to get a single smoothie out then they are getting sent back. It also seems like they forgot about 4 orders while I was there. Don't go here
I had been to four different nail salons in the past year before I found this one. Save yourself some time and go here! Linda is by far the best nail technician I have EVER had.
Best nail salon, and I am extremely picky with my toes and nails! They do their best to give you exactly what you are wanting. Love it!
This place is a like a movie that all of your friends rave about for weeks and build it up to be something spectacular, but when you finally see it, it's just okay. I heard big talk about how great the terrible service was. I went with a group of 10 ladies who were all expecting to be treated like crap. The waiter was a little short with us, but not too rude. They did make dunce caps for a bunch of us with some really raunchy quotes on them that were funny. The food was typical bar food-chicken strips, buffalo chicken sandwiches, burgers, etc. It all tasted decent-good food to eat before a big night of drinking!Some other tables looked to be treated a little crappier than us, but I don't think I'll make an effort to head back there next time when I'm in Vegas.
My family has been going to this office for years but we will never take another animal there EVER AGAIN and I would advise you to do the same! We brought our happy, healthy black lab in for a teeth cleaning last week and got an unexpected call that he had died in the process!! How does that even happen?!! As if our grief and shock weren't bad enough, the vets here have absolutely no bedside manner or explanation! Definitely do you research on procedures and I hope this doesn't happen to any other family!
Finally a coffee house that is within vicinity. Dropped by on Sunday but only had VISA with me. The owner graciously gave me free latte. That was very nice of him. The taste of the latte reminds me a bit of Dark Horse - both has slightly darker undertone to it. Someone told me that their drip coffee is good - will have to go back and try it out. Love the interior although the logo reminds me of table 17. Will definitely go back!
Valdamir and Yuri are true artists in their craft. Our  family has benefited .  Pride in their work shows in the finished product.  -A new heel  was  a perfect  color match.  A tear in a leather coat could not be detected after it was repaired just two  examples of the   many alterations  and shoe repair over the years.   Patricia K.
My experience as a consumer with hussongs was awsome to say the least . my first impression was great costomer sevice , the bartender there "amanda" hands down is the reason i frequent this establishment consistently.. The food is great and served promptly.. Yes , im a fan of hussongs!!
The worse tacos a ever ate, salsa horrible and the meat I can't express my frustration.
My girlfriend loves this place, specifically for their spinach and feta omelet. I'm not a huge omelet guy but they do make a mean Italian sandwich.They load the sandwich up with sweet and hot peppers and put it on tasty, crusty bread. On the side is a cold dish of thick rice and onions cooked in what I am guessing is chicken stock. It's really good.Their Italian wedding soup is the best I've ever had. It has long strands of egg and the meat balls are hardy.The service is fast but they really push you out the door. I've read a few reviews where people have been offended by this but I don't mind it. It's a tiny cafe right on Penn Ave in the Strip District, they want to accomodate as many people as possible.I enjoy going to these places and think real Pittsburgh share this sentiment. While the tourists are all flooding into Primanti's, Pamela's and Rolands, the smart ones are going to the much smaller places like Cafe on the Strip.
I went to Stoke's Grill while visiting the Target on Mcknight Road for a quick dinner. I imagined it to be a full sit-down restaurant for some reason so I was a little surprised when it turned out to be more of a smaller casual type of place. You order your food at the counter and they bring it out to you.I got the Italian Beef sandwich which was Italian seasoned beef with hot peppers and provolone on a hoagie roll. To go with it I ordered some onion rings as well. My girlfriend got the tomato pepper jack soup, a meatball sandwich and a side of their homemade potato chips.The Italian beef wasn't like what you'd get in Chicago and would probably be pure blasphemy over there but I liked it. It was a simple sandwich but the ingredients went well together. My only gripe was I wished the beef was cut thinner and had some juice with it. It wasn't dry but when I think of Italian beef I think of heavily seasoned, thin meat that is swimming in its own au jus.The onion rings were really good. The batter they used was the cripsy kind rather than that soggy grainy kind you sometimes see. They epitomized the texture and flavor of a good onion ring. They were browned with a good crunch to them and the onion in the middle was cooked thoroughly and didn't slide out like a worm (this almost makes me gag when it happens with badly prepared rings, it's such a terrible mental image).Janey thought the meatball sandwich was just average. She likes her meatballs seasoned and she said they didn't have a lot of flavor, just ground beef. She liked it but she wasn't blown away by it. The chips were really good, though. Whoever fries in the kitchen knows what they're doing.The soup was creamy and spicy and really good. It was more peppery than tomato which is why I liked it. I'm not a tomato person so tomato soup has never been one of my favorites. Janey really enjoyed the soup and even though she's not much of a sandwich eater thought we should come back again and try more of the menu.The interior of Stoke's is very nice and is clean. The guy at the counter was really nice and friendly as well.
Chipotle is the best place to get a fast food burrito in Pittsburgh, bar none. The ingredients are always tasty. I'm quite fond of the carnitas burrito with fajita veggies. Their cilantro lime rice is sooo good.You can't deny that Chipotle's business practices are incredible when compared to other businesses. While McDonald's basically controls the quality of beef, even in the grocery store, making sure what we get is cheap and tasteless, Chipotle goes the other direction and makes sure its ingredients are sustainable and free range. It's so easy for a chain to want to do things the quick and dirty way, I commend Chipotle for swimming upstream.Seriously, their burritos are tasty, they're better than most burritos you can find in the Mexican restaurants dotting Pittsburgh. Don't confuse sustainable and grass fed with healthy, however, one burrito will cost you 1500 calories.
Great little Greek deli and something new and interesting in Lawrenceville. The owner's a nice guy and easy to talk to as well.I've had their baklava and it was absolutely divine. I have yet to try the rice pudding but I plan on it.On my first trip I had moussaka. It was like lasagna and was delicious. The side salad is nothing to write home about but the oil dressing was perfect and had that light, handmade touch that makes real dressing so much better than the bottled stuff.On a second trip it was insanely busy due to their recent Groupon involvement. The service was slow but I had the feeling they simply weren't use to the amount of people coming in. Either way, my lamb gyro was delicious and the pita, as others have said, is perfect. Served warm and fluffy with a bit of crispiness on the outside.Definitely give this place a try. It's an interesting place to dine because Stamatis changes the menu so often and uses high quality, local ingredients.For a larger review, visit: http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/06/28/pastitsio-a-little-bit-of-greek-in-lawrenceville/
This place is my go-to spot when I want a huge !@#%ing sandwich. Just down the street from me, the Deli on Butler Street uses Boarhead cold cuts and aren't afraid to pile it on.The vibe inside is very close knit. I don't know for sure, but I think everyone working is in the same family. Their wedding soup is nothing to write home about, but it's good.I love their sandwiches AND their subs. As I said before, they're piled high but they're also on amazing bread. Their Italian bread is crusty and chewy and their subs feel fresh baked. The ingredients are premium and in abundance and everyone is friendly and easy to talk to.My only complaint would be their chip selection. It's scant and they only have Lays brand. They need to get a more gourmet selection, preferrably of the kettle variety. A bag of Lays doesn't mesh well enough with the quality of their sandwiches.
It was always a running gag between us and the rest of our friends when we drove by to see that their special for the day was "club sandwich" or something equally as generic. My girlfriend and I finally walked into the establishment one summer day to bite the bullet and try the infamous diner.The food wasn't BAD but it was just average. The thing that really got me was how expensive it somehow all was. The other troubling thing was the fact that our waitress looked like she was 13 and had literally at least 7 piercings around her face. I really can only fault the price but the whole place was just weird. Everyone in the diner felt like an extra from Men in Black where you try and guess if they're an alien in disguise.It's kind of intriguing in its simplicity and ambiguity but once you get in there you realize it isn't doing it on purpose. It's just horribly mismanaged.
Tamari blends Latin American and Asian culinary traditions and create some really awesome and unorthodox dishes. Their happy hour specials make their robata (grilled skewers) and ceviche (raw seafood on a piece of cracker) dishes 1 dollar a piece meaning you can eat and drink on a budget. If you are not fortunate enough to dine during happy hour everything is reasonably priced.I have been to Tamari twice and have had their 5 spice pork belly, their octopus ceviche, their California roll, and their Peking duck quesadilla. Everything was excellent. The octopus is tender and the crostini it sits on adds a great crunchiness to the texture. The California roll was good but a little cold for my liking and had a little more cucumber than I would have preferred. Tamari has, both times I've visited, excellent plating. Their dishes are presented in such a cool way that you never want to take that first bite.The pork belly was excellent. The fat on top melted in your mouth and the pork meat below it was tender and cooked perfectly. The Peking duck quesadilla was very tasty; the sweet and moist duck meat went well with the Asiago cheese. I would have preferred more jalapeno on the side because I love to add them to food.Want to have a great happy hour experience with all of the flare but not the high price? I think Tamari fits that bill perfectly. It's also a great restaurant to take a date to or a great way to impress someone who enjoys a little adventure, great ambiance and fancy-plating.I have only one more gripe and it's as a graphic designer; their website is terrible! It's designed in Flash and is very amateur. However, their decor and their menus are very nicely made. I'm not sure where they went wrong when designing the website but if they simplified it and refined the design it would fit very well with the rest of their theme.
I went to the Silk Elephant on a whim with my girlfriend to see what they had to offer in the realm of Thai tapas and we were impressed.The decor is very sharp and would be a great place for a date or a small friendly gathering. The waiter was very attentive and kept our drinks filled.The food was really good and the fact that it was tapas made the experience even more fulfilling. It's fun to order food you're unfamiliar with but the prospect of getting an entire entree and not liking it is always a deterrent. With tapas you can order a bunch of little items and try everything your heart desires. It's especially fun when you're with a few people because you end up leaving the restaurant having sampled many many things. Everything we ordered was delicious and looked good. The plating and presentation was superb.I'd definitely take a date here, it's a really impressive place that wont hit your wallet too hard. If you have a few friends that enjoy culinary adventure it would be fun to order a bunch of things and pass them around.
Sadly I've been here a few times because it's a crowd pleaser when my girlfriend's parents come down to visit. There's nothing really WRONG with it. The portions are big and the food is "alright" and the interior gives you the superficial impression that you're encountering fine dining.The food is sooooo bland though. Everything you get at P.F. Chang's you can get elsewhere in Pittsburgh at a much lower cost and it'll be made with more precision and have better flavor. The honey chicken at P.F. Chang's was so mediocre all I could think about while eating it was heading over to Wai Wai in Bloomfield and getting a tastier order of it for 8 bucks.Last time we were there the server was horrendous as well. I don't think I've ever felt as awkward at a restaurant. He brought my girlfriend's father (Don) his unsweetened tea then told him he didn't bring sugar because he asked for it sweetened and then did not understand the concept of sweetening it yourself. He then got all huffy when Don kept asking for it and actually seemed angry at us. When he came back to take our order Don ordered for himself and his wife and before Janey (my girlfriend) and I could order he had already started to walk away. We actually had to yell out to get him to come back and finish our order. (not in an uncivilized or malicious way, either) After that he must have thought we were terrible diners (I don't think I've ever been impolite to someone who is currently at work, or ANYONE for that matter) and he showed it by being silent and plopping things down in a passive aggressive way. It was really embarrassing and every time he came by the conversation died.Obviously the attitude of one idiot who can't hide his bad day well doesn't really have anything to do with the restaurant. But it's soooooo bland! Go somewhere else for Chinese! Look up Chinese on Urbanspoon and it'll give you a variety of good, local places to choose from at half the price.
As you can see, Azzeria has turned into the City Oven. Now it's a fast dining type establishment that serves brick oven pizzas, paninis, brick oven wings and gelato. I had the wings and a panini and thought it was pretty good, especially for the type of place it's emulating (sort of a Panera bread of pizza?). The brick oven charred the wings slightly and made them really, really tasty. I'm usually not a fan of "oven-cooked wings" but the high heat of their oven made them delicious.The panini was a little thin and crispy but the sausage and peppers were tasty. I've had heartier paninis but this was pretty good for a lunch.The gelato was smooth and creamy but their flavors were better suited for Baskin Robbins. I wanted Pistachio which they were out of. I settled on chocolate and peanut butter. It was really good.
I have to admit, I'm kind of lame because I wasn't aware of Lili until I read the Post Gazette article regarding it.It's in the middle of the up and coming (but don't tell the hipsters holed up there) Polish Hill and its bright red sign sticks out pleasantly amongst the drab row houses surrounding it.The inside is eclectic and interesting. Posed figures walk up walls and odd art gives you something cool to look at while you sip your coffee. Their lunch selection seems interesting enough that I made a mental note to come back and try it. Their posts on Facebook about their weekend brunches make me feel like I need to go back very very soon.The lattes we ordered were good, not great. I'm a bit spoiled with my close proximity to Tazza D'Oro, what can I say. My large latte came in a tall, glass drinking cup which I found kind of cool in an off-kilter way. Kinda like drinking wine out of chipped mugs while wearing flannel.The pineapple upside down cake I bought was gooey and delicious. All of their  other homemade baked goods looked killer as well.The barista behind the counter was bearded and all smiles and even brought out drinks to the table, something I didn't expect but turned out to be one of those little, warm things that make a place stand out.I definitely want to check out Lili again, even if it's a bit too far away to be my local haunt. I'm especially interested in their brunch and lunch selection.
This is my first stop to get coffee. It's about a mile or so down the street from me so it's a pleasant walk. The garage doors offer a nice, open environment reminiscent of Coffee Tree Roasters in Shadyside but with much better coffee.Matt, the owner, knows his coffee as well as his customers. I had a little stint where I went almost every day to write and he quickly remembered that I had a preference for a large cafe latte.A certified barista, Matt shows it off with his amazing latte art. Not only are his skills awesome, he makes sure everyone he hires is just as good. I've never had a bad cup of coffee from Espresso a Mano. I put it alongside Tazza D'Oro as Pittsburgh's best coffee.The ambiance, however, gives Matt and Espresso a Mano the edge. You can't beat a cool breeze and a latte on a nice, summer day in Lawrenceville.
Love it, love it, love it. From sweet to savory, Crepes Parisiennes has what you want. I've hit them up for both breakfast and lunch and have left feeling like I've eaten an appropriate food for the time of day.I love their breakfast crepe. They lightly fry the exterior giving it a nice, crispy outside and stuff it full of sausage, sharp cheese and egg. I've heard people complain about the authenticity of the side salad but, come on, who cares? The crepes are authentic enough, the salad is an afterthought and is still delicious, authentic or not.Their sweet crepes are all balanced nicely. I've had their Gnutella crepe and their "french toast style" berry crepe. Both were delicious and came with a generous dollop of their homemade whipped cream.As if their crepes weren't enough, they also do a killer cafe au lait. It's served in an authentic French fashion, in a handleless bowl and comes with a generous circle of white, velvety foam. The beverage is a little on the hot side, which is usually a no-no when it comes to good coffee, but I let it slide because they still pack it full of flavor.This place gets packed on the weekends yet the service has always been impeccable. They even bring my dessert crepe out after my meal!
I have taken my cats here three times now and have been incredibly happy with The Big Easy, especially considering I've had a lot of trouble finding a vet I like in Pittsburgh.The other perk is that The Big Easy is literally a half a block away from me. I like that the vet brings you into the room with your pet and administers shots while you're in attendance. A place we use to go would do them in private and actually refuse to let you be present, I felt this was an odd practice that came off as slightly abrasive.The place is clean and they even have a Keurig coffee maker out in the reception area for those of you who are waiting a while and want to indulge in some coffee.The head vet and owner is also an amazing person and incredibly smart. Every question I asked she answered with enthusiasm and confidence. I felt good about her from the start and that gut feeling was right.For those of who you don't have a lot of money and own pets, they have specials on things like rabies vaccinations and they are super cheap for a limited time. I appreciate this. I can afford to vaccinate my pet but I'm sure a lot of people in Lawrenceville welcome the reprieve.
This restaurant really is not my "thing". I say this only because I am 22 and do not have $100+ to throw down on a dinner for two. Luckily, my fairly affluent cousin and her husband were kind enough to give me a gift certificate to this restaurant for my birthday last year. They said only one thing; try the Belgium beer and the mussels.My girlfriend and I got there and waited a long time to get seats, this place is seriously popular and in that "quaint" kind of way. This isn't Olive Garden where they have some elaborate seating system in place. Expect to wait a little bit, grab a beer or a cocktail, and just enjoy the evening.Once we were seated we ordered the mussels in red sauce, beer, and the steak and frites. The mussels were incredible; juicy, nicely marinated in their sauce and most important of all plentiful. The beer was great as all Belgium beers are.The steak and fries arrived when the sun had finally slipped below the horizon. The candles were lit, giving the small restaurant even more charm. The fries were incredible. Double battered so they are extra crispy, just how I like them. The mayonnaise dipping sauce was very good even though it was a bit of a guilty pleasure. It was creamy and a little tangy with the taste of basil mellowing it out. The steak was tender, juicy, and cooked to perfection.I don't think it's possible to have a better dining experience. The night was calm and cool, the food incredible. The wait staff and fellow patrons created an atmosphere that was both communal and private.
This isn't just the best sushi in Pittsburgh, it's the best representation of Japanese food, period.Not only do they get the food right, the ambiance is spot on as well. I stayed in Japan for a month and the atmosphere absolutely reeks of Japanese sensibility. Slightly cramped and personal but not too personal.The sushi is divine and it's been described a million times before me. Each piece is a perfect cut and perfectly constructed. The temperature is just below room temp so it melts in your mouth. The ingredients are some of the freshest in the city.Don't just go for the sushi. Try some of the other dishes, you might be surprised and like them. The inclusion of fried chicken, while seemingly odd, is an accurate accoutrement in Japan.Love it, love it, love it.Lookit my review for more. http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2011/02/17/rodzilla-reviews-chaya/
This is definitely a hot dog joint that's been around for a while and has resisted change it's entire life. Frankie's is a hot dog joint and that's all you're going to get. The hot dogs? They're okay but they're cheap. What you mostly go to Frankie's for is the conversation and the fact that a little hot dog joint sells some pretty cheap beer. You can chill out with some guys you know've been going to Frankie's their whole life and talk about whatever's on your mind. I fancy the T-shirts they sell and want to get one some day.
When I first moved to Lawrenceville Geno's was one of the first restaurant I experienced. I sat at the bar one afternoon and ordered a beer while chatting up Geno himself. I ordered an Italian sub that was phenomenal and left his restaurant feeling like I had just found a gem.I wish the review ended there, but it doesn't. In just a year and a half Geno's has really fallen to the wayside. He doesn't seem to get any business which then affects his product, spiraling his restaurant in that culinary catch-22 of lack of business/lack of quality that is basically the death throes of any eatery.On my last visit, I was more than a little disappointed. The server was almost nonexistent and many of their menu items were unavailable. I ordered the Italian sub again and she walked away before I could order a size. What I ended up with was half a sub for dinner. I'm a big guy and a 1-foot sub consumer.My girlfriend's meal was also sub par and expensive. Geno's is now erratically open and I can't imagine ordering a meal there, their hours are so random I find it hard to believe that they serve anything fresh.
Pamela's is a bit of a cliche in Pittsburgh. Often falling in with Primanti's as a "go to" spot for tourists that think they're getting a feel for the city. Brushing that grudge aside, Pamela's doesn't mess around.As any diner should, Pamela's has their shit together. They handle a veritable flood of people like it's nothing. Not only is the service always attentive, the food is delicious. It's diner food, mind you, and not the most complex but everything they make is superb. Their pancakes make me want to eat pancakes and I never eat pancakes.Furthermore, their is no recipe posted online for their special pancakes. Thin and crispy on the edges, there's just something about them that makes you devour way too many only to regret it later. The recipe is so special that only Pamela's namesake knows it. Shucks.
Having never tried Ethiopian cuisine Abay's always been in the back of my mind yet I never made the effort to eat there until a few nights ago. I had a really fun experience and ate some really good, uniquely prepared food.The interior is intimate but not tiny and you can sit at normal tables or what appeared to be small wicker tables that, judging from their style, looked to be a traditional Ethiopian way of sitting in a restaurant.The waitress was very attentive and pleasant as we ate. I ordered the "Yekemen Shai" to drink which was a hot, aromatic tea brewed with cloves and cinnamon. The flavor was delicate and even though cloves can be overwhelming they didn't assert themselves over the entire drink. I enjoyed it and had a few cups.To start I ordered the "Chicken Shorba" which is a type of chicken soup made with lentils, carrots, potato and onions. It was delicious and reminiscent of many types of Western style soup.For my entree I ordered Zilzil Tibs which are shredded pieces of beef in a spicy sauce with onion and pepper. The heat was gradual and built up to a crescendo that was just below uncomfortable. Had it been any hotter I would have probably not enjoyed it as much. The concotion was situated on top of a airy bed of Ethiopian bread by the name of "injera" which was almost crepe-like in consistency but not in color. It was spongy, airy and moist but lacked flavor which for all I know is intentional as it's used as a utensil. You rip off a piece of the spongy bread and use it to scoop your food. Eating Ethiopian is an experience I've never had so it was fun as well as delicious. If you have a group of people that don't mind branching out from the usual fair Abay would be a great place to go. It seems eating is a communal affair and the portions are big. What you eat and the way you eat it is also the center of attention and a fun way to spend an evening.For dessert I had a fried roll filled with pumpkin and covered in honey. On the side you also choose from a variety of ice cream to go with it, we chose cinnamon. The pumpkin was the consistency of pumpkin pie filling but less sweet. It was really good paired with the natural sweetness of honey and the cinnamon flavor of the ice cream. The crunchy texture of the roll also gave you a sense of satisfaction when you bit into it. I'm not sure if the dish was Ethiopian but I had never had it before; regardless of its roots it was delicious nonetheless.Abay is a really cool place to experience a different type of dining and would be a fun place to bring friends or your parents if they are the type to venture outside of their usual culinary routine.
This is a wonderful place. When you enter, you're hit with the aroma of blooming flowers. They sell a variety of exotic orchids that brighten up the room.I'm especially fond of coming here in the Spring time. They take entire branches from trees and allow them to bloom right in the store. The colors and smells are amazing.Along with flowers, they also sell bath items such as French milled soaps, body lotions and perfumes. The quality is top of the line but so are the prices.My girlfriend and I love coming in here just to see the flowers, their wares and their two big dogs sleeping on the floor.
When I remarked I was going to go to Mineo's for the first time last night my neighbor, who has been a Pittsburgh native his whole life growing up in Homewood, told me it's really good pizza but not nearly as good as it use to be. Without having it from before I still kind of get that vibe. It seems like Mineo's makes some okay pizza but mostly rides on the fame it built up from its past.The store is small but you don't really dilly dally so it looks like you can usually find a spot before your pizza is done. We did. I ordered a large pepperoni and sausage and received a pepperoni and mushroom. My girlfriend hates mushrooms but the place was so busy we didn't feel like ordering a new pizza so she picked them off. The crust is "okay". It seems like it's trying to be authentic but was kind of on the dry side. In my opinion a good pizza crust should be crispy on the outside and nice and chewy on the inside.The ingredients were top notch. The mushrooms were good quality and so was the pepperoni. The pepperoni had the full flavor of a true pepperoni. Not that spicy greasy mixture you get from the store or from most pizza places. The cheese was really good and was slightly browned which is cooked better than most places but still not "ideal". The cheese should just be plain dark in some spots. Pizza should be cooked at high heat so give it the texture it was meant to have. However, it still kicks the butt of most places in the city.The once great Mineo's is still great because it's become almost a cultural landmark of Pittsburgh. It's a shame they seem to cut a few corners because it truly is the makings of a great pizza.
I went here on a whim, never having been to a Chili's before. Everything on their menu was pretty much fried and nasty. They cater to the lowest common denominator of food-shoveling American consumers. They might as well add "bowl of ranch dressing" as a side item.I got tacos that tasted like they were rubbed in salt and artichoke dip that came with almost translucently greasy tortilla chips that, like the tacos, burned your mouth with saltiness.What are you trying to do here? You know you can make money by freshly preparing food and letting the actual ingredients show through? Places like this are literally a disrespect to the human race. When you eat at a place like this, you tell restaurant boards that you enjoy having your food microwaved so it comes out fast and piping hot, that you'd rather taste massive amounts of seasonings, mainly salt, than actually taste the food, and that you'd much rather have something wrapped in grease and batter that is bite size and can be crammed in your mouth in quick succession.Stop going to places like this and they'll actually improve their menu and put more emphasis on quality.
I've been taking both of my Persian cats here for over a year and a half and they always come back smelling and looking great.The owner is very friendly and I've never seen any signs of her being rough with either cat. The price to get a lion cut, a bath and trimmed nails is only 40 bucks which I consider a good price considering the art of shaving a cat!I had a hard time finding a groomer willing to groom a cat so was relieved when I asked her and she said she did in fact groom cats. The experience was so good I kept going back. I did one time deviate and got one cat groomed while home with my parents and it ended with him having a bald spot on his butt. That's never happened at All God's Creatures.I added photos of our cats right after a lion cut to give you an idea!
I visited Japan for a month and this store reminds me so much of a true Japanese grocery store that nostalgia hits me every time I enter.Unlike most Asian grocery stores (I'm looking at you, Strip District) Tokyo is VERY clean and has really fresh produce and meat. Every time I walk into Lotus Foods in the Strip I'm hit with a certain smell and it's always so dusty. It's awesome to be able to go to a grocery store that's small enough to keep their stock fresh. I also really appreciate how dedicated they are in keeping their store as Japanese as possible.They stock the staples in Japanese beverages and snack foods as well. It's so hard to find Pocari Sweat and other soft drinks in Pittsburgh that you'd find in any vending machine in Japan but Tokyo stocks it in a variety of bottles; chilled or room temp. I always buy a big bottle of Pocari Sweat when I visit to put in the fridge. If you've never had it, it's a sports drink that has a hint of grapefruit. The grapefruit is so subtle that there is almost no aftertaste. It's almost like water but not sickeningly sweet like flavored water in the US.They also have prepared foods available by an in-house chef. They come in the form of bento boxed lunches that have sushi and tempura and, while I haven't had one yet (some day I'll remember to go before I eat), they look delicious and fresh and are packaged in an appetizing way.If you're Japanese and have never heard of this place you should definitely check it out. It's an incredibly authentic grocery store and just as clean as one found in Japan. If you're an American and are a bit jaded about Asian grocery stores because of the dirtiness and grumpiness found in many of the ones in Pittsburgh definitely check Tokyo out, it's incredible.UPDATE: It took me until just a few weeks ago to try out their bento lunches. They're healthy and delicious. They'll heat the bento up for you on premises if you're eating on the go. The owner of Tokyo has also recently started selling his bentos and sushi in Lotus Foods in the Strip. Give them a try for a quick, healthy lunch.
My girlfriend use to get pizza here when she tutored evenings at PTI and told me it was good. I also read favorable reviews by others from another location with the same name. I tried this place on a whim one day and thought it was good enough to return to a few times before I moved from the area.The pizza is super cheap in my opinion. You order by the slice and the crust is thick, crispy, rectangular and at a formidable size to boot. The cheese is put on after the pizza is cooked so it keeps a crumbly/just barely warm consistency. This might be surprising if you are unaware but I thought it was great and an interesting way to do pizza.If you want pizza by the slice that doesn't add up to a small fortune when you buy a few at a time (I'm looking at you, Pizza Sola) definitely check this place out. I guarantee you you will find their take on pizza unique; whether or not you like it is up to you.
I have no idea what authentic Caribbean food is so I'll try to explain what I tasted and you can go from there.I ordered a homemade ginger beer to go with my water and I have to say it was the best ginger beer I've ever tasted. It wasn't nearly as carbonated as the ones you'd buy in the bottle such as Reeds and was a little sweeter. The ginger was so intense that by the end of the glass I was sweating a little from the spiciness. It was REALLY good and anyone who enjoys the mild tingle of ginger ale should try it at least once.As an appetizer I had the fried ripe plantains. They came out golden brown and had a kind of soggy consistency. In my head I was thinking of a crisper appetizer but I thought they were delicious. I'm not sure how they are prepared traditionally. The inside was sweet and a bit tangy and surprisingly was not as similar to a banana as I thought it would be. I really liked them and was impressed at their ability to walk the fence between sweet and savory.I ordered the jerk chicken as my entree and thought it was awesome. The spiciness keeps pace with you as you eat it. It doesn't overwhelm you right off the bat but by the end of your meal you usually are ready to succumb to its spice. The chicken came bone-in which in my opinion is always a good sign. I hate it when people sacrifice flavor for convenience. The sauce around the chicken was abundant and delicious and the jerk rub was proportioned perfectly for me. I had a sign of "rice and peas" which was more like rice and beans, as well as black beans. The rice was fluffy and abundant and the black beans were really good.For dessert I had the Jamaican rum cake. It came with a small scoop of ice cream and a decorative fanned out piece of soft, sweet mango. I did not care for the rum cake because, once again, being unfamiliar with Caribbean food I was expecting something else. The cake was incredibly dense, moist and seemed to be full of molasses. I am not a huge fan of molasses so I did not care for it as much.All in all the food here was incredible. The waitress was really nice and kept our drinks filled. No one was in the restaurant as is the usual situation with non-chain restaurants in Pittsburgh so don't let the lack of customers deter you.
Delicious. The inside of this place looks like it use to be a BINGO hall or something equally open-spaced. The food is served cafeteria style and tantalizes you from behind a glass display.I had the kefta, which was a seasoned patty of lamb and beef. It was on a warm, chewy pita and tasted  great. The light sauce mixed with the veggies (they added a middle eastern style pickled cucumber) were a crunchy, delicious combo.For dessert we got this mesmerizingly orange dessert that I later learned was called Jalebi. It was light and airy and completely drenched in delicious, sweet syrup. It was interesting to say the least.The grocery next door is incredible as well, especially the butcher's area. Fresh meat hangs on hooks right in front of you and the people manning the counter are willing to answer your questions. My friend ended up buying pre-seasoned kefta meat for later after one of the employees suggested a serving size for him.I'll definitely come back here and take photos next time.
Quiet storm is a really cool vegetarian restaurant. The time I was there the service was fine and the food was unique. Their menu is a limited on the weekdays, your best bet is one of their many quesadillas.I'm not as concerned about the preservation of vibe and atmosphere, as long as the food still tastes good. I was in love with the pierogidilla and happy to leave the table feeling full without having any meat.I wrote a review of Quiet Storm on my web site, Binge! http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/07/07/ive-got-an-itch-for-kitsch-quiet-storm-in-bloomfield/
I went here with my neighbor, Tate, who is a good friend of the owner, Joe. The place is a bare bones pizza joint and has an un-pretentious atmosphere that is hard to come by in this day and age.Joe, his wife, and his little kid were all behind the counter working. Brandon, a regular and a mail man was at their single table taking his daily one and a half hour lunch break over a burger and fries.I had the Italian sub and Tate had the jumbo wings and a large loaded fry. The fries came out hot and fresh and there was about 5 pounds of them, maybe more. Tate's wings were fried and covered in hot sauce. They were the whole wing, not sectioned and cut and were full of meat.My Italian sub was baked and had a perfect amount of meat. The lettuce was fresh and not wilted and the mozzarella cheese was melted perfectly. The roll was crisp on the outside and chewy inside; perfect.I had a great lunch shooting the shit with my neighbor and his friends as we ate good food. The kind of people that staff and eat at Fortino's are the kind of people that give you respect and appreciate your business. I'll definitely be coming back.
I've been to Soba twice and it was my first real experience with "upscale" dining.The inside is great, I was especially fond of the two story waterfall against one wall. The seats were comfortable and the pace of the service let you know that you could stick around a while and enjoy yourself.The food isn't as Asian as I expected it but still delicious. I went with the filet mignon and it melted in my mouth like butter. The sprouts on top gave it a nice, fresh crunch.The service was spectacular, as it should be for this type of establishment. My only real complaint is that after having been to Kaya and Eleven, I feel Soba could diversify their menu a bit. A few of their dishes can be found on its brother's menus and I don't think they're quite capturing Eastern food.Either way, it's delicious.
Fifty-cent pool tables, check. Alcohol, check. A variety of characters of all creeds and lifestyles, check.It's a bar guys, stop thinking too much about it! I've been here on almost every night of the week and have never had a problem. I've never smelled anything weird, either.In fact, on one occasion the bar manager played darts with me and my friend for a few hours for free, using his little magic key. On other nights, I can play the cheapest pool tables in Pittsburgh with little interruption.On 80s nights, all walks of life are represented and everyone seems to have fun. I really can't complain.
The coffee here isn't what sets this place apart; it's the music selection. It's a really cool store filled with great music and a lot of locally printed tshirts. The cafe portion is small but stocked with a large espresso maker and baked goods that appeared to be from Dozen, but I could be wrong.
Dozen Bake Shop is a little ways down the road from me but the storefront and their eye for aesthetics had me interested immediately.I took a spin down there for their Saturday brunch and ordered the breakfast empanadas and the temp-eh hash as well as two cupcakes (I know, what a healthy breakfast). I ordered an iced mocha and an ice caramel mocha to go as well.The empanadas were awesome. I opted to get them with chorizo and it gave it a meatiness and a little saltiness that went well with the egg, black beans, and other ingredients inside. The outside pastry was flaky and crumbly which I found pleasing. The little cup of salsa and sour cream complimented the empanadas nicely.My girlfriend had the temp-eh hash which she only thought was alright. I didn't know what temp-eh was and she didn't like the taste of it; it was more of a preferential thing than an actual dislike for the dish. She liked the sweet potatoes and the potatoes but shied away from the peppers which she is not a fan of. All in all she ended up disliking the dish for the most part which is probably my fault; it didn't really suit her. We both agree it was cooked nicely, it was just not something she would enjoy.The cupcakes were moist and delicious and the frosting light and fluffy. We got the "milk chocolate" variety which was one of three flavors which changes daily. This method keeps everything fresh day-to-day and I think is a great idea.I'll definitely be going back to the Dozen bake shop. My girlfriend wants to try the quiche which, if I wasn't so thick, I would have ordered for her in the first place!Check this place out if you like a hip atmosphere, unique food choices and some pretty solid coffee-making that put Starbucks to shame. It'd also be a great place to order cupcakes for a birthday occasion.
After randomly finding a review for the Golden Pig online my girlfriend and I decided to check it out since it sounded incredible and was only about 20 minutes away.The Golden Pig is a Korean restaurant tucked away in a small town called Cecil, PA and is owned and operated by one incredibly nice woman.I wasn't sure what to expect until I opened the door and was greeted by Yong and sat down at a "bar" area that overlooked her small kitchen. The seating is limited and I think she likes it that way. Everything is literally made to order and most orders are called in, whereupon Yong gives you a time frame (depending on the queue) and you pick your food up accordingly. We decided to dine in and sat at the bar and talked to Yong while she prepared our meal and while we ate. She's incredibly personable and truly has captured something special in such an unassuming place. I had short ribs and my girlfriend had the vegetarian ramen, both were of course great. Along with our food she cooked a few side items and had us try them and everything was delicious. Eating at the Golden Pig is like having your mom cook you a warm, tasty, and healthy meal.We will DEFINITELY be frequenting the Golden Pig in the future, the food and the atmosphere is fantastic and is a diamond in the rough for the area.If you're reading this, take a drive over to the Golden Pig or order some food for takeout, through our conversation with Young we found out that she had just opened the restaurant two months prior and is already getting a nice customer base through word of mouth.
Love Enrico's baked goods, breads and their meals in their little restaurant.I went to their bread making class with my mom, her friend and my girlfriend and we had a blast. The baker and owner was the one giving the class and he explained to us in minute detail the historical triumphs of bread and how it fits into everything as a cause-and-affect relationship. He was incredibly cheerful and informative.At 50 dollars a person you get a HUGE breakfast. When I say huge I mean an entire long table full of pastries, cookies, muffins, homemade pastas, bean dishes, homemade sausage, freshly baked bread and many MANY more that I can't even remember. The beginning of the class is stuffing your face and passing the plates around like a big family as you are told about bread.Making the bread was a lot of fun. The dough was already made and ready to go; all we did was kneed it (he showed us the correct way) and toss it into their awesome wood fired oven. The bread making class isn't at all about the actual making of the bread. It's more about familiarizing yourself with what bread is, learning good techniques and throwing away bad ones and separating the facts and myths of culinary. When you get home you have the knowledge and motivation to then go and make some of your own bread. It was a lot of fun and I would definitely do it again!
City Cafe has the best breakfast in Lawrenceville, even better than Coca Cafe. Everything on the menu is vegetarian, but even meat eaters will find most of the dishes to be hearty enough for their tastes.The menu is mostly limited to omelets and wraps, but honestly, everything is prepared so well that I don't mind. The cafe is more or less a one man shop and everything is made to order so his menu compliments the atmosphere of City Cafe--small time, simple and fresh.I'm always discouraged by the lack of people dining in what I consider to be one of the best breakfasts to be found in the vicinity. The owner is nice and the atmosphere is calm and quaint, perfect for a simple, quiet breakfast and conversation. I learned today, straight from the owner's mouth, that he was probably not going to renew his lease in 11 months, instead opting to move back to his regular location downtown.His reason? Not enough foot traffic and not enough business. Give it a shot, try their fresh squeezed lemonade, their hearty vegetarian soups, their delicious coffee, their milkshakes, their omelets, their wraps, their egg dishes...try ANYTHING! They're all good!
I just began dabbling in the art of the espresso and have always had this place in the back of my head for when I got a machine of my own. They have sacks of beans that are roasted for that week only and will grind the beans for you to the consistency you desire.I'm a newbie when it comes to coffee and espresso so I came into the store a few days ago with a bunch of questions. The girl there was very helpful and pointed me away from the espresso beans on display and said for a really good espresso they blend three beans on request. I told her I'd be back in a few days when I got my new machine.Today I biked down and spoke to the manager of the store who was just as helpful. She made the blend for me which was something smooth, something mocha, and something dark. I can't remember the actual names. She ground the beans for me in a burr grinder (the only way to grind espresso nicely) and told me they were fresh enough that I could maaaybe squeeze a month out of them. The connoisseurs out there might disagree with that statement but a beginner like me would never know the difference. Knowing the special flavor you get out of a freshly ground espresso I made a cup, unadulterated, the second I got home. It created a nice caramel colored crema that was about 1/4" thick and was the darkest espresso I think I'd ever had (not saying much but still a compliment!). It was really good and really bitter in only the way a great espresso can be. Those of you who enjoy IPAs and really hoppy beers will understand how "bitter" can be used in a good way.I'll definitely be back since it's a quick ride down the street. I'm sorry to say I haven't really tasted their in-house drinks except once a year ago. I honestly can't remember what I had or how it tasted but a place that roasts and grinds their own beans should definitely know how to make a killer coffee drink. Lemme know if I'm wrong!
Eat Unique has a great menu full of unique sandwiches and salads that leaves Panera in the dust. I finally made it out to the cafe for lunch today and had an overall good experience.The only negative part of my lunch was that my girlfriend asked for American cheese on her sandwich rather than the normal bleu cheese. They ended up giving her a corner of a piece of American as well as bleu cheese. It's a shame that they couldn't get such a simple request right, especially since we arrived at 1:30 and the lunch crowd was gone. I also ordered a pecan bar and did not receive it, I went back to the cashier and she gave me one. Reading similar negative comments regarding accuracy with ordering makes me think it's something they should work on.The food was excellent, however. I got the Italian sub and it was full of fresh spring greens rather than the usual shredded ice berg lettuce. I also tried their white turkey chili and it was excellent as well.My girlfriend managed to pick most of the bleu cheese off of her meatloaf melt and said it was really good. She also had the tomato feta and basil soup and enjoyed it.The pecan bar was a flaky crust, a kind of dense chocolate ganache and a pecan topping similar to a pecan pie. It was really good.The food at Eat Unique seems to be fresh and in plentiful portions. We'd definitely go back. I hope they get their ordering accuracy in better shape, though.
I've heard a lot of people speculating on the authenticity of Aladdin's. I'm not that familiar with Middle Eastern food but everything I've eaten from Aladdin's has been delicious.The service has always been great too. It's never been slow or inattentive. My only complaint is I wish they'd give you some complimentary hummus to go with that plain pita they serve every meal. I guess it's a way to get you to order hummus as a starter; you can't say no when there's pita in front of you!Their fruit smoothie is smooth and sweet without being overbearing, the inclusion of honey is a nice touch, giving it a bit of added depth.While I cannot comment on the authenticity of their entrees I can say that their desserts are not authentic at all. At the entrance, behind a glass display, are a variety of yummy looking cakes. I'm not one to balk at cake but I wish the display was filled with baklava, jalibeh, and a bunch of other Middle Eastern desserts to fit with the restaurant better.Authenticity aside, I can at least say they do better than most Chinese restaurants do when it comes to representing their country's cuisine.
I have to say I'm extremely biased here because this place is just down the street with me. But come on, the owners speak French! Their pastries are incredible. Every time I go I get a few classic eclairs as well as a few more things that I'm unfamiliar with, just for fun. Not once have I ever had something I did not like.I honestly can't think of anything bad to say about La Gourmandine. It's delicious and everything they make is done that morning. When they're out, they're out, and it's reassuring to go into their bakery right before closing and see that most of the stuff has been snapped up.Their baguette sandwiches and quiches are also great for breakfast, brunch, or lunch.I hope some day they get a nice espresso machine and put the cherry on top of an already near perfect establishment. If I can get my eclair with a foamy cafe au lait, I'd be in heaven.I have a more in-depth article on my website.  http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/06/30/cest-magnifique-la-gourmadine-in-pittsburgh/
Razzy Fresh frozen yogurt is like crack. My first experience with frozen yogurt was in Sarasota, FL and the experience was less than sub par. I figured I'd give the bright interior of Razzy Fresh a shot simply because it's so eye catching.Lemon frozen yogurt, diced mango, diced strawberries, and a sprinkle of Fruity Pebbles. No, you wont find this on Salt of the Earth's menu but man, is it the most delicious dessert I've ever eaten.I can't vouch for the healthiness of frozen yogurt, or the Fruity Pebbles I'm throwing on top of it, but it has to be better than some of the other stuff I've been known to throw into my mouth after a meal.Razzy Fresh is also incredibly clean. It's usually manned by one employee who does all the prep work and the cashiering. As I sit at the table, chowing down on my yogurt, I can't help but notice how much effort they put into keeping the toppings area clean and organized. I really appreciate what they're doing and as a graphic designer, love the branding they've come up with.
Got there at 10:20 and was surprised to see only one other table enjoying their weekend brunch. I ordered a cafe latte and a California club sandwich with turkey. My girlfriend got the cheese crepe with three cheeses and spinach.The sandwich was really good and the thick, artisan bread really made it exceptional. The salad that came with it was light and delicious. The coffee was really good and made well. You can definitely tell they care about the quality of their coffee beans.My girlfriend really liked her crepe as well. The portions are perfect for a light brunch.On our way out we grabbed a chocolate chip cookie which was thick and somewhat cakie, REALLY good.Where the heck was everyone, 10:20 on a beautiful Saturday morning? Get the hell over to J'eet and give it a try!
My girlfriend and I decided to ride our bikes down to Coca Cafe and get some breakfast. Once we arrived we were told there would be a 10 minute wait.A lot of people keep repeating that the service here is bad. I guess I can see where they are coming from if you're a pretty high strung person who is used to being in and out of a restaurant and fed as soon as you sit down. The Coca Cafe is not this place and it's really obvious. It's a pretty small cafe and you're going to have to deal with a little bit of waiting. The owner, or at least what I thought was a manager of some sort did not seat a group of two while we were waiting because the rest of their party was not there. This is a simple rule and it allows people who are ready and on time to get a seat. In a place as small as Coca Cafe you can't afford to seat half of a party while they wait however long for the rest of their people. This might be considered "rude" to people but it's born of necessity. The "customer is always right" mantra is not universally accepted at every establishment you patronize.Anyway, with that out of the way. We were seated in less than 10 minutes and ordered two omelets. I had the wild mushroom omelet (shiitake and portabello) with Jarlsberg cheese, a side of grilled potatoes, and pumpernickel toast. My girlfriend had the tomato, feta, and pesto omelet. I got an orange juice with my water which was definitely freshly squeezed and delicious.After a little bit of a wait (see my earlier rant) we got our food which was amazing. The omelets were full and incredibly hardy. The mushrooms were fresh and springy with a tiny bit of crunch to them. The Jarlsberg cheese was so mild that I forgot it was in there at first; you can choose from two different cheeses so next time I think I'll try the other cheese to see if it is less subtle. The egg was cooked just right, a little crispy brownness on the edges and fluffy everywhere else. Nowhere in the omelet did I find raw yolk which I absolutely hate. The potatoes were cooked through and crispy on the outside, seasoned to perfection.
Not quite authentic but good enough for Pittsburgh. It's the only place that I've found that even comes close to a classic Chicago style deep dish.I also had the french onion soup that wasn't bad. The croutons were still crunchy and it had just the right amount of cheese.My girlfriend really enjoyed her Caesar salad and said she'd come back just for the salad.Overall, I enjoyed it and would come back the next time I get a craving for a deep dish pizza. It wasn't authentic but it certainly was not terrible.
I appreciate what Eclipse is trying to do with itself but I think that they haven't quite gotten it down yet. The interior is nice, reminiscent of a club but more accommodating; the bar area is easy to access.The bartender is friendly and will actually talk to you, which was great because when my girlfriend and I walked in we were two of three customers. It would have been awkward had he not been a nice guy.Our initial reason for walking in was to get a bite to eat. Just from "liking" them on Facebook I had been receiving messages about them in my feed. I seemed to remember something about organic food and wanted to try it.I don't know what I read, because all the bartender could offer us was a selection of dips and some tortillas or pita bread. We were actually kind of hungry for a hearty appetizer or a light entree and were relatively disappointed when we heard their selection. We ended up ordering their hummus and pita platter and it WAS good. I asked him if they made the hummus in house and he responded that they got it from Greek Gourmet on Murray. I don't mind that they don't make it in house, it was delicious.As the night progressed the bar filled up a bit and everything started to come together. The drinks were good and we had a fun time just enjoying the atmosphere. A DJ arrived at some point into the night and did his thing. All in all, it was fun, I just wish they'd get a menu.UPDATE: Just got an email from the owner, Michelle about a new menu they're rolling out. It includes salmon, gyros, poutine, turkey sliders and a bunch of other things. I'll let everyone know how it is soon!
Tessaro's is so old school it hurts. They're known for their burgers and on this occasion the hype suits the reality.The inside becomes somewhat cramped during their busy hours but I always seem to get seated quickly. The meny is traditional and I've only had their burger. Yes, their burger is incredible. It's huge, cooked well, and on a good, sturdy bun. Like all good burgers, the meat steals the show but the veggies keep the burger's pace. I hate a burger that's all meat, Tessaro's is very balanced. I wish they had french fries as a side but, like I said, it's an old school joint and they serve old school sides.Either way, I can't complain, their homefried potatoes are good.The service is impeccable and I haven't had anyone who wasn't over 40 and looked like they'ved worked there their whole life. They know what they're doing and they do it quickly. Tessaro's can handle a crowd, they've been doing it for years.
Absolutely delicious. I ordered a Chicago Impostor with a locavore frank. The Chicago aspect was lacking but this was kind of taken care of by their use of the word "impostor". There were no poppy seeds on the bun and it did not appear to be steamed. Also, rather than the traditional and tastier sport peppers, they used banana peppers.The locavore frank, however, was to die for. Never before have I had such a hot dog. Plump and rather drably colored (due to the lack of artificial dyes), this hot dog comes straight from Volant, PA. I was kind of amazed that Franktuary would go through the trouble and at the significant price increase, was wondering if the different was worth it.Boy was it. The frank was plump, juicy and tender on the inside with a much more delicate flavor profile. Rather than the taste of filler and water, I actually felt like I was eating a tubular steak. This, paired with the awesome components of a Chicago style hot dog (the best way to do a frank) made for one hell of a lunch.I also ordered one of their smoothies, the aptly named "purple". It was a bit on the sweet side but nonetheless delicious.I'll definitely come back to Franktuary even though the location necessitates that you have some other errand to run downtown. It's hard to park and when you find a spot, it gets costly. Franktuary's dedication to the hot dog is bar none in Pittsburgh, however, so it's worth it.
I feel a little silly giving restaurants such sweeping opinions but damnit, this is the best pizza in Pittsburgh. Every time I go, I expect to feel less confident about this but the confidence actually builds with every experience.Vegan friendly and all natural, they don't even use high fructose corn syrup in their homemade sauce. Their crust is New York style, on the thinner side with a good chew to it but sturdy enough to fold over. Their topping, particularly their cheese, is cooked so that parts are brown. Nothing cooks into a thick, treacherous canvas that is mere seconds away from sliding off onto your nice shirt like Aiello's or Mineo's. They also take cards.The Spak Brother's are nice, nice people and I've been fans of them for a while now. I don't know them personally but I've exchanged emails back and forth due to my review on my site. They know what they're doing and are happy to do it. Everything I've tried on their meny has been delicious.I did a review of them a while back, if you'd like to read it: http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2010/06/01/spak-brothers-the-best-pizza-in-pittsburgh/
What I experienced at Michael A's was the most awkward and infuriating experience I think I've ever had in a restaurant.The lady that sat us immediately asked us if we were using a coupon which I had no knowledge of. This is where I think the brunt of her stand-offishness and passive aggressiveness came from. My girlfriend and I are both young and she must have thought it wasn't worth her time to serve us. Our only explanation is kids are going in with a coupon and not tipping well. Who knows? I tip well and am very pleasant at restaurants.I ordered a coke and it was only refilled once. She must have thought I had enough soda because she ignored the empty glass and instead chose to refill my tiny water glass one time. If she's worried about my health she should probably make sure my ounce of water is replenished more than once during the whole meal.I ordered the spaghetti and meatball and received just spaghetti and sauce. She slammed the plates down and ran away not refilling our empty glasses of water which we put at the edge of the table for her to see. When she finally came back to give us our bill (didn't give us a chance to inquire about dessert) I told her I didn't receive a meatball. She said I should have told her... when?She acted REALLY passive aggressive to my girlfriend for some unknown reason. When she asked for a box for the rest of her fettuccine alfredo she kind of tossed it at her while in full stride to another table. It fell right into her food. It was at this moment that I almost strangled someone for the first time in my life. The mental image you're creating from my description is completely accurate. I'm not trying to exaggerate it to get my point across. While quickly walking by she tossed a Styrofoam box at her food letting it fall into it. She didn't say a word or even look at us. It was the rudest thing someone's ever done to me.Seriously, the entire meal was awkward and there was for the most part 2 tables occupied the entire time. If you want people to patronize your over-priced Italian restaurant you should hire pleasant waitresses. Don't go here if you value good service and not feeling like you're a huge burden.
Divertido is one of those little boutique shops that is always full of the weird and interesting. I've purchased a few things from here and like to go in every few months just to see what new stuff is in stock.The owner is very friendly. My fondest memory of Lawrenceville is when my girlfriend and I walked around the neighborhood right before moving in. We got to talking to the owner of Divertido for about half an hour and when we left the store, we pretty much knew we made a good choice moving into the neighborhood.Now, with the likes of Wildcard moving in, Lawrenceville is starting to become a less upscale version of Walnut Street in Shadyside. Something I don't mind at all.
I have trouble ordering tea when I'm out because it's such a simple thing to make. I know there are a lot of nuances to the preparation, like everything else, that can give you a plethora of subtle variation that you wouldn't get if it was made incorrectly. However, I still can't stand paying for it.However, Te Cafe has a great selection of gourmet teas that make the stop worth it. It's the kind of stuff that, unless you were a tea connoisseur, you would never be tasting. Their menu is full of teas all with names that vary from mundane, to Japanese, to just plain odd. I've been to the Te Cafe a few times but last night I ordered the "Kokeicha". It's a kind of smokey green tea that you steep for 3 minutes. I tried to order a tea by the name of "gunpowder" but they were sadly out of it. The man behind the counter informed me that the "Kokeicha" was very similar.The tea was great and, honestly, even when something's not your cup of tea you have a fun experience. It's something you usually don't get to try on your own. Who would honestly buy 23 dollars worth of loose leaf tea that they've never tried? I'll leave it to the Te Cafe to let me sample them a pot at a time.Every time I enter the cafe the staff are friendly, accommodating, and most of all informative. They know their way around tea so someone who is completely ignorant, as I am, can get a little guidance. It's a fun place to relax and enjoy a beverage you usually wouldn't; how often do you drink gunpowder at home?
Pittsburgh Public Market is quickly becoming Pittsburgh's source for all that is local. Even in the winter the place is bustling on the weekends, selling all kinds of locally made wares.My favorite booth, and the one you see first when entering, is Crested Duck Charcuterie. They sell all kinds of handmade cured meats, cheeses and sausages. I picked up a pound of their REAL (that means no dyes or artificialness) hickory smoked bacon. I told the man behind the counter to slice it as thick as is appropriate for bacon and what I got was so far beyond anything you could buy in a grocery store. It was delicious.Grass fed beef, eggs from free range hens--it's all here. In fact, there's a lot here that you aren't looking for, and just kind of stumble into such as Kombucha. It caught my eye and when the woman behind the counter explained what it was, I had to have it. Essentially, it's a fermented tea drink that's someone between tea, wine and beer.Homemade pierogies are sold at the far wall and the lady will practically toss a sample into your hands. They're crispy and delicate, a far cry from the frozen variety you buy from Giant Eagle.If you have a sweet tooth, you'll have a hard time deciding where to sooth it. There are at least three booths selling some incredibly tasty looking baked goods.As I said earlier, I can't wait to see this place in the summer when it's harvesting time and I can't wait to go back for some eggs and meat from a town I can actually drive to!
e2 has a great menu that is always changing with a focus on seasonal and local. The four times I've been I've always had great service with no attitude from anyone.I love the food, everything's been delicious and I try to vary what I eat each time--pretty easy considering their ever changing menu. I especially love their desserts, which are handled with a kind of care I could only expect from the Enrico family.I'll definitely continue to come back to e2, something about just makes me happy.I wrote a longer review of e2, with plenty of delicious photos on my web site. http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2011/02/09/culinary-merits-bryant-street/
Amazing authentic Mexican fare.  Family-run business, super friendly and accommodating.  I've tried over half the menu and haven't been disappointed by any dish!  Ask for their hot sauce, you won't be disappointed!  It's the only Mexican resto I'll be going to from here on end.
Terrible.  I would never go again - no excuses.The server put down napkins and chopsticks in one pile.  He didn't bring dishes for soy sauce which I had to fetch myself as he wasn't around.  For 2 people he gave one menu even though there was a pile of them by the cash.  He did give 2 all-you-can-eat menus and a drinks menu though.  I should have known that if they served all-you-can-eat, the quality would suffer for it...I ordered a dragon roll (unagi, cucumber, avocado).  There was almost no unagi and the little that was there was not fresh.  The dragon roll was mostly cucumber and rice.  I spoke to the fellow who makes the rolls showing him there was almost no unagi and he said "that is standard".  He told me he used "three pieces".  The pieces must have been about the size of postage stamps or smaller, and two of them were only bits of skin.  Not "standard" in any other Japanese restaurant I have ever eaten in.My friend had chicken teriyaki and was (after a long wait) brought a rectangular plate with strips of chicken in sauce on it.  Nothing else.  She asked if it came with anything else like rice.  The server enquired in the kitchen and eventually brought a bowl of rice.  Nothing else was included for $11. - not a vegetable, a green leaf, nothing.For an order of a dragon roll with almost no unagi, a small plate of chicken strips, bowl of rice and order of gyoza we were billed $27.When I objected to the lack of quality, and the lack of unagi the fellow shrugged and said "this is how we do it - this is standard".  Not even an apology.  Not even any concern...There are LOTS of Japanese restaurants in Toronto.  I recommend walking past this one or going across the street and trying something worth paying for.  What a waste of money!!!
We have now dined here twice. Once an early dinner, without our four year old, the other, a Friday lunch with the kid. I really want to rate them higher. The atmosphere is eclectic and loved all the seating options. Birds are loud, and noise can get overwhelming. If you are not prepared for a ruckus, don't sit close to them. Service was a major disappointment. Lunch was miserably slow. We ordered kids pizza (she loved it), Cuban sandwich (Hubby loved it, not a typical Cuban it had pork belly) and a half french dip with chili (it was okay). I asked for the beer menu and waiter took it back without asking if I wanted a beer, I wanted help since I'm a wino and have no clue about the beer scene, unless it's SanTan Epicenter or Fat Tire. I know, ridiculous, that's why I was hoping for a suggestion. They lost the sale, I had water. Then as lunch took over 30 minutes to prepare I was really wishing I had that beer. Bathrooms could be a problem, only one toilet for the men and one for the ladies. Ladies door would not close all the way and lock, it was a good thing no one needed to go while I was in there. Dinner was better. Hubby had fish and chips and I had fish tacos and a shot of tequila. Nothing wrong with the food or drinks, service still a bit slow. We will be back, just hoping service improves.
So this was our first trip to Stuffington, and it was a blast. I knocked off a star because the location was tricky to find and not very inviting looking from the exterior it looked like a rundown abandoned building. The only sign was a vinyl banner attached the the security fence. The entrance doors were not well marked.  Look for the blue double doors on the side of the building near the parking lot. I loved that the bears are built in the USA and it is a local business. The tour was fun. I set it up with my meet-up group and 12 moms and 15 kids attended, most kids were 5 or younger. We first sat in a room and were given a cool Q&A session and lesson on how the Teddy Bear was invented, and then we walked the production floor and saw how the bears were made. We ended the tour making our own bear to take home. It was way less expensive than a visit to Build-a-Bear and lots more fun.
What can I say that others have not stated before. Not much, the food was awful and inconsistent. Three different moms in our group ordered cheese pizza for the kids and one order was undercooked, the other just right. The cheese tasted cheap and weird. Three out of the four kids complained. I ordered the samosa and they were greasy. Don't bother asking for mint chutney or tamarind, the staff offered me ranch and Siracha. The place is really dirty and if you want arcade games go to Chuck E. Cheese where they don't rip you off charging two tokens for most games. The extra star is for the staff. The guy working the front was really nice. The operator of the bungee jump trampoline was wonderful and my daughter loved it. I won't choose to return to Makutu's, even my five year old agreed. We would rather spend the day at the Children's Museum of Phx, or one of the many trampoline parks closer to home.
Called ahead take out order. Stated I would be getting a smoothie when we arrived, but the woman taking my order forgot to tell me the smoothie machine was broken. As I'm consoling an upset toddler she is motioning for me to sign my cc receipt. Really, my hands are full, and my order is not even ready yet. Salad was soaked in dressing. Called back, yes all to go salads are served with dressing on them, so beware, you have to eat it ASAP or have a big soggy mess. (That's what I get for stopping at Jamba Juice on the way home)
Everything was terrific! The salsa bar had huge variety. Had the Condesa Mahi Mahi tacos, and the veggies were fresh and perfectly cooked. We had a huge party, 8 moms and 10 kids under the age of 5. (We had just toured Stuffington Bear Factory and we are a very rowdy hungry crew). They treated us wonderfully and service was exceptional. All the moms raved about the food. Next time we visit we need to leave the kids at home ;-)
This has got to be worst Krispy Kreme. The shift manager was yelling at customers because the top row of doughnuts were not for sale, and they had no others to sell. She also stated she "could't put more doughnuts out, because the more I put out, the faster they will go." What?! The coffee has always sucked here, and but don't bother asking for water. It's Chandler water straight from the tap. Both restrooms were out of paper towels. I guess I'll stick with the drive-thru because eating in was not a pleasant experience.
Everything we have tried we have enjoyed. The Morning Monte is delicious, the marmalade really adds the extra zip. Hubby loves the cheddar biscuits with gravy. Service is always great, and we love that it is a local owned family restaurant. They treat our three year old like a princess, and she loves the birds in the courtyard.
Amazing service! My usual is the Turkey on wheat. Love the chopped pickles. Pickles in every bite!
We went to Furever Friends to look at cats and dogs and left with the most amazing experience. Although, we are not ready to bring home a new pet, I will be returning here when we are ready. We have a very senior dog and it would not be fair for us to bring home or foster at this time. Thank you for all you do in our community to bring awareness to the cause of pet rescue.
While staying at the Cosmopolitan my boyfriend and I decided to try Eggslut on our last day for breakfast. Unfortunately, we fell for all the advertisements around the hotel marketing Eggslut and didn't bother to check the reviews before eating there.Quality: We both ordered the Slut which was an egg on top of potato puree served in a glass with salt garnished with chives. I didn't expect the egg to be so runny, but what I didn't like was the watery potato puree I was expecting it to be a little bit thicker. I also ordered the tri-tip steak sandwich with chimichurri sauce with I thought was quite better in flavor than the Slut. I did like the chimichurri sauce and tri-tip but felt that there was something missing from the sandwich.To finish it off we got a chocolate chip cookie but it was too heavy on the sea salt that we couldn't eat it. I would recommend the tri-tip over Slut. Service:Although there was a long line I expected our order to come out a bit faster. We waited about 30 minutes for our food to come out. I saw other guest who were behind us in line receive their order before ours even parties that were more then two people.Overall:Disappointed in all the hype and attention Eggslut has and will not being going there again the next time I'm in Vegas.
This is a unique place. Your first impression is "sketchy".  Type of place you would only go in with a recommendation or if you were local. I'm glad we got a recommendation because this was a good eat. I had the burrito norteno with green chilli; very good. Shark and shrimp tacos for the rest of the table and it all looked good with good comments. This is a small place with only ten tables and a small bar. The service is quick despite obvious take out orders and a full dining room. Salsa is homemade and presented in Tupperware on an ice bar, with a ton of different choices. Ambiance is interesting, true to its name. Tip o the hat - coke served in glass bottles Wage of the finger - find a better presentation for your awesome salsas.
The food is usually good here but should not take a whole hour for a burger. When I mentioned how long it took the server pretty much ignored the comment as she kept walking away. The restaurant was pretty empty which added to the frustration. Luckily lots of other choices in the area
My GF and I went 5/2/15 to see Lachlan Patterson after catching him on the Late Late show in Jan.  Never seen him before, but thought he was pretty funny. Researched that he'd be appearing at RBHOC.  First time here and first time seeing Lachland Patterson Live.  I have to say it was a fun evening.  Warm up comedians were good.  Drinks were flowing.  Waitress was on top of it all night long.  Great change of pace to get out of the house and spend an evening enjoying life. Beers were only $7. Great parking and Toby's Keith's right next store will help you get the party started.
This company give you a quote very reasonable until they give you a bill with all kinds of hidden charges then it become 3 time that they quote for. I guess they don't want repeat business, if you like to get robbed then call them.
Like this place, they are honest with their price. They also take their time to show you how to fix it yourself.
Le pire service  la clientle que j'ai pu avoir. Le vendeur tait incomptent, ne savait pas quoi rpondre et adoptait une attitude nonchalante. Nous voulions simplement verser un dpt pour un meuble afin de le recevoir quelques semaines plus tard seulement il nous a assurer que le meuble arrivera en magasin le lendemain ... nous avons donc rgler le meuble dans sa totalit et le meuble n'est pas arriver... nous avons du aller le chercher nous meme au dpt une semaine aprs. L'attitude de la maison mre Structube est la mme! Le meuble en bois achet perd sa couleur et le service  la clientle ne nous rpond pas depuis maintenant une semaine
I have lived here for over 4 years and really like the community. Great staff and convenient location.
I purchase over $10,000 dollars worth of furniture from La z boy in Glendale and received excellent care in store.  Now one year later I had an accident and spilled hot wax on my couch.  Despite having paid a lot of money for a 5 year protection plan this was not covered by the Ultra Shield plan I was sold.  I am now out of the money with no coverage for the accident to my furniture.  If you buy from La z boy don't waste your money on the fabric protection plans they are worthless.  Having had fabric protection from Guardian and everything was covered I am extremely disappointed and would NEVER purchase UltraShield again.Save your money on don't buy the protection plan offered by La z boy!
I go to this location all the time! I love shopping at this location because it's very clean and all the employees really know about the products. I was there yesterday and I was helped by a very knowledgeable staff member, she helped me figure out which products would be best for my skin.
If you are looking at this website it's because you know acupuncture works and you are looking for a new acupuncturist  or you are in pain and wondering if acupuncture really works. You are looking at the right place. Ms. Holder is a wonderful acupuncturist- she is professional, well trained and compassionate an unbeatable combination. Acupuncture really does work help not to only manage chronic pain but also to help you feel better all over. If you are struggling with pain you have absolutely have nothing to lose by going in for a consult. Her methods not only target the chronic area of  pain but also deal with the "support" systems. It is important to note that this office is also connected with a Family Medicine Practice so Ms. Holder is firmly grounded with all the concepts of western medicine. Her education and practice truly allows her to treat her clients holistically.
Excellent food and service with no wait time. The food was presented well and the taste was superb! The staff are very attentive and courteous. Ambiance reminds me of a French bistro ala Provenal.
This place was great! We started off with the truffle fries, which were fantastic. Finally, a restaurant that does truffle fries right! my husband ordered the spicy miso burger and I ordered the miyagi San burger. Both were very tasty. We definitely enjoyed it.
We just picked up our first pizza from Bistro Pizza and this guy nailed it. We ordered a meatball and ricotta pizza and it was perfect. The dough was on point, the sauce was nicely seasoned and the toppings were generous. We loved it. We also got an order of garlic knots and we really enjoyed them. This will definitely be our go to pizza place from now on!
The food was pretty good. I ordered snow crabs legs and my husband ordered shrimp. I think they were both over cooked, but decent. The seasoning saved it. The service is slow and lagging. We both had sodas that didn't get refilled once till we were done and our mouths were on fire. They seem well staffed, but just kinda all over the place. Very nice staff though.
We were so excited when Capriottis came to our neighborhood! We get them any time we are nearby one, so how perfect that they are 2 minutes away now. But too bad they CANNOT make a sandwich the way it was ordered. Four times, FOUR, we have gone and each time they have totally screwed up. We take them to go and when we get home and open it up, it's the biggest disappointment. We only order the spicy Italian with peppers and mayo. That's it! Nothing too crazy or complicated. Yet every time it isn't right. Twice we have come home with just a regular Italian sandwich, once we came home with a spicy Italian without the peppers or mayo, and the last time we came home with a Philly! A freakin philly! I called them and told them about it and they said to come back they had it waiting for us. So my husband brought the philly with him just to show we weren't lying and they gave him the Italian and wanted the philly back! Mind you, this Philly has already come home with us, opened it up and everything. I really hope they didn't give it to the person who really ordered it. But they should have let my husband keep it for our trouble. Anyway, so he brings home the spicy Italian sandwich and guess what? It was a plain Italian with not even oil on it. That was the last straw. We will not be wasting our money there anymore. Such a disappointment!
Sitting outside waiting for my husband to order, all the tables are dirty and an employee is sitting at a table with feet up and says to me "you can go inside and tell someone to clean it". Are you that lazy? I have to do your job for you? I hope at least the food is as good as other cafe rio's but so far, this location is pretty dirty, and bad service. Also, the inside seating is very small and very crowded and it's way past the lunch rush.  After eating the sweet pork salad, which I've had enough times to know how good it is, I can say it was pretty bland at this location. They gave very little meat and were very stingy with the rice and beans. This location needs a new staff.
I wanted to like this place, I really did. We ordered one of the combo things for $35 and it was a lot of food! I was stoked to try it but when I found a pubic hair in our Mac and cheese I just couldn't. I didn't have the heart to say anything but it really ruined it. So gross.
The best Mongolian in town! For years we have been missing having a good Mongolian restaurant in Vegas and FINALLY we got this place! It's very good and a great value. Lots of veggies, etc to choose from. Good quality. Two thumbs up!
I don't even know where to start. First, my husband and I went there for the first time tonight for our date. We figured out quickly what we wanted to order. We got 1 vegetable samosa appetizer, 1 lamb and rice entree, 1 chicken tikka masala, 1 garlic naan, and 1 cola cola. It took an hour to come out, and people were getting their food way before us that came in after us. A very nice man came to our table to apologize for the wait and assured us he would take 15-20% off our bill for waiting. We thought this was very kind and didn't expect it at all. We didn't complain once for waiting, so really it was very surprising to us. Anyway, or food finally comes out and it was killer good. We enjoyed it very much, but when it came you refills on my husband water, the servic lacked. We had to wait a good amount of time for our bill but when it did come we explained we had bought their yelp $15 for $25 deal. The same kind man that said he'd discount or bill 15-20% was confused by their yelp deal and said he'd have to speak to the manager. Some time later he comes back and looks at it again and says he'll just take the $25 off. But then we no longer were compensated the 15-20% for waiting. Okay, fine we understand. Our bill AFTER being discounted the $25 was still $63!! So look at the receipt and see that we have been charged for a lot of things we did not order. We were charged for 2 vegetable samosa's, 1 kingfish entree, 1 tikka masala, 1 glass of merlot, 1 lamb entree (i can't recall the name), 1 other entree (i can't recall the name), 1 coke, 2 garlic naans, and another appetizer I can't remember the same of. I bright the receipt to our server and said hold on, you way over charged us. She knew immediately what we really ordered and ate and really changed our ticket which ended up being $24 after taking the $25 off!! But the extra shady part is is that she was helping the kind man with ringing out our ticket that they way over charged us for! I definitely think they thought they were going to get away with overcharging us. It is so disappointing because the food really was wonderful. We still tipped $8 even though the service wasn't that great and they tried to scam us, but that's the right thing to do. We will find somewhere else to eat Indian food rather than going back here.
My husband and I got shrimp and fish tacos. They were bland, nothing special. I don't understand what the hype is about.
Flipping bomb. Soooooo good. Like honestly, I was nervous but this was incredible. I got the sweet pepper cheese steak with onions and whiz and it was amazing. My hubby got the H Bomb and loved it. Fries are outstanding. Go here. You won't be bummed.
So I signed up for the monthly plan and wa going every week, but it was the same adjustment no matter how much I specified my trouble areas. It's kinda like the great clips of chiropractic care. One adjustment fits all. I will be going back to my Chiro that evaluates what my body needs every visit and adjusts me accordingly. I will say though that Dr Noggle is extremely nice and friendly, it's just too bad she's in a place like this.
I Love Sushi is our go to restaurant for sushi. I have never had anything from there that wasn't great. The monkey roll is unique and very tasty. The service is good and no matter how busy they are, we always get right in. But most of the time, they are pretty busy. If you want to best sushi in Henderson, check this place out.
We have lived in downtown henderson for almost 8 years and have been meaning to try this place for a long time. We usually go to Bistro Pizza a little ways away because it's so good. Well, Bistro was closed today so finally we decided to try Sunset out. Best decision ever. This place is now our favorite pizza place hands down. We got an extra large pizza with Italian sausage and garlic. It was so freaking good. Eat here. Like today.
The sushi is great quality. The fish is wonderful but the sushi rice is the best I have tasted. The surf and turf is wonderful with the surf being the star. The duck duck goose is also great but who doesn't love duck confit?The fiery chocolate tart should only be ordered if you truly love chocolate....and/or fire.
Hailed coffee #Toronto, where proper Arabic coffee is found!!It comes in a shareable pot for 2-4 with a side of premium dates!! They also have a hailed cap which is not to miss.
Great outside seating and amazing olive tapenade!  This was a super spot for lunch...all the food was amazing.
Super fun atmosphere and the food presentation was bitchin. Lots of unique rolls and great veggie sides. No sake bomb this time!
Not only the Shisha is excellent and the staff are so welcoming and friendly but also the food is the best I've ever had. I had a Shawarma poutine it was amazing so different and delicious then I had a house mix shisha it was very good. Oh and the shisha was only 10 dollars...definitely going there every night now on
Great place for a breakfast menu. Great pancakes.  Sandwich menu is generic and so-so.  Very clean and polite staff!!
Ok.  I have been here 6+ times and it's getting complacent on its service and quality of food.  We ordered over $700 in food for 8 of our party and it took over 1 hour and 55 minutes to receive our entree's. The timing was horrible, and not worth the wait.  Granted, the food is good, but not that good. A fall from grace.
The appetizers are great (calamari,  mussels, buffalo mozzarella,  meatballs)!!!BUT the pizza for being a certified member of the American Italian AVP Napoletana. WAS PATHETIC... it was soggy, floppy, and no taste... (should be soft, flavorful, etc...)  this was my 2nd attempt to try at their downtown location, compared to Mt. Lebanon and same result....disappointment.   Pathetic and why have a brick oven if that's the final product.  Great selection however for a simple menu though.... veal, chicken, fish..... stick with those and the appetizers. :)
Great passion for the culinary business and Rico is a great person.  Take Don's photo off making the Caesar Salad - he doesn't know how to do it with the same passion. Put him in the banquet room serving water.   LOL :)
Low quality..high price for some shaved ice and no room to sit indoors.  Outdoors is a dirty street with a bunch of bars around the block, and that kind of crowd.  Don't bring your kids.
My husband visited this establishment regularly while he was accompanying a family member to the Cleveland Clinic. The staff was great and very accommodating. Highly recommended!
This place is a great little gem. Its a little pricey but its perfect for a date night or just to catch up with an old friend. The charcuterie board they offer was delicious and their wine is great. I will be coming back!
Had the chicken teriyaki and after a few bites, I was pretty sure it was the pigeons from out side. Lol jk but it was pretty bad. Do not Recommend!
Came in to the store and no one greeted me even though there were 5 employees on at 8 am. Ordered a venti iced coffee with 2 pumps white mocha instead of the regular pumps of classic and they charged me for a full set of pumps (.60) when I asked why I was being charged, very coldly and dignified, the barista told me it is corporate policy... I responded with I know corporate, I was a partner for 6 years. Personally, I would never have charged for the white mocha seeing that I was not getting the full pumps and I was not getting the classic syrup. Never coming to this one again. I much prefer the stores closer to my house. At my store we made sure to greet every guest when they came in and tried to make a connection with everyone who ordered a drink. If this is the same regional manager as other Starbucks I've been to then they need to know he is not doing a good job. A lot of stores are not gold standard.
This place is great because of location in my opinion but for the prices they ask I really don't know if it is worth while. My lease is up in a few months and I would like to stay but only if I get a fair price for my place. They tried to hike up my rent for a renewal after I found out someone with the exact same unit is paying 300 dollars less than me! The only way I would stay is if they gave me a fair price. As for the complex. The tiles in the kitchen break, the cabinets are cheap, the appliances are dated, and the dish washer does not work well. For the same price they are asking you can find something better. One of the worst drawbacks is that every entrance smells like dog urine and there is always something broken. You can expect that once a week you will get an email saying that a certain door is broken or the elevator is not working... Wrap up- the place is falling apart and for the same price you can find something a lot nicer.
This place is amazing. From the minute w e walked in we were greeted and asked for how many. There was a wait seeing that it was Sunday brunch, which is very popular here, so we decided to eat at the bar. The bartender was very attentive and we ordered the horchata drink. Totally butchered that! It was delicious. Our food did take a little longer than normal so the manager took off an appetizer without us saying a word. Food is amazing, service is phenomenal, will always recommended and come back!
came in half hour before closing and was ignored. The staff was definitely ready to go home and did not care if they had customers coming in. To be honest the food isn't anything special.
Friendly service and delicious food. I always enjoy the ambiance at this restaurant and I have always had friendly service. My favorite thing to get here is the jambalaya but you cant go wrong everything is delicious!
Did a great job repairing my Nokia Lumia 1520.
I came in a few weeks ago during the weekend. They seemed pretty slow but it still took the waitress about 10 minutes to come greet us. I ordered one of the Sangrias which was mediocre at best and after another 10 minutes of waiting we ordered our meal. I got one of the hamburgers which tasted very plain. It was nothing special and the place is truly over priced for what they are offering. I would recommend to try the Arrogant butcher downstairs if you want to have better service.
For being a restaurant in a hotel, this place is amazing. I always have great service and the food is always great. I love going for taco Tuesday and taking guests that are just visiting. If this is your first time here try the Guacamole! I have never had such a delicious Guacamole from a restaurant!
Not the best first impression. I had been waiting for this place to open since November and was really excited about the concept but I was sorely disappointed. I had taken a friend to what I thought would be a hip night on the town spot but it was anything but hip, unless you're talking hip replacement. The music was like a bad wedding band and the drinks were crazy over priced. Double vodka soda was 17$ and the beer was all foam all the time. I get it, it's their first day so I might visit again but as of now this is a heck no from me
I love this place, The energy for dinner is electric and the food is absolutely delicious. Plus they have tons of beer to choose from. Definitely will come back!
I've been here a few times and there is always a wait but its really worth it. The food here is everything you want out of a big breakfast lol.
Update to my original review. Came back for lunch and had the Chile Relleno, DELICIOUS. People please come and keep this place open lol.
This place can do no wrong. Everything I've ever eaten here has been amazing! Not only that they have great servers and carry Lemoncello!
Came in on a Monday and it was pretty busy. I look young and the waitress treated me like a kid who wouldn't tip... Spent 80$ that night on me and my date and the service was crap. Will not come back! I still left a 16$ tip but the waitress was horrible. Please work on your customer service... Then maybe I will come back. The lady waitress on Monday 7/15 @8 pm was horrible. Un-tentative and presumptuous towards the guest! I was a server And know good service. This was not good service
I've been here multiple times and I have never been anything but impressed with service and staff. I've tried so many of their entrees and they all have been great. A few of my favorites are the Rice Bowl and Phoenix Burger. I have friends who visit and the first thing we do is go get them a burger.
Oh Lux, my biggest enemy. Every time I go I cannot help but get 1 or 2 of their delicious pastries. How can one place be so delicious?!? Oh man and there Jalepeno Bacon Mac n Cheese is insanely good! One of the best places in Phoenix in my opinion
I went to the kiosk and ordered their large Caramel Hazelnut Iced coffee and it was delicious. Not only that, the employee was extremely friendly and attentive. Will come back and try the food!
I'm only giving 4 stars because of their confusing hours. I never know when they are open because the hours are constantly changing. I didn't expect to like this place as much as I did but the burgers are great. I ordered a hot mess burger and it was really good. I wish they would have asked how I wanted it cooked, or better yet I wish I would have told them how I wanted it cooked but none the less it was great.
I love coming to this store. I've been a frequent visitor since I moved here 2 years ago and many of the Microsoft Store employees know me. I've always had great treatment and they have always been extremely helpful. During the Xbox One launch they made sure to have a day one edition reserved for me and helped me deal with the mistake that happened with the online store. Great location and great people
I love going to this place, even though I don't go as often as I should. The staff has always been extremely friendly and it was only a few visits before they new me by name. To all the people talking shit.. if you don't like it, don't go but if you just want to complain for the sake of complaining then boo you. Honestly, I like the shakes and teas and I love getting my body fat measured. If you have the time stop by and give it a try!
I stayed here for 5 days a month ago and I have to say I loved every minute of it. Mindy, was extremely sweet and want to make sure she gets the recognition she deserves. I never had to leave the hotel and pretty much lived there. I went back a month later and seems like they got a new bartender because he could not make the margaritas like when I was there. I will definitely come back and will make sure to check which bartender is working int the restaurant before I order. But other than that one issue. this place was amazing and perfect for a getaway.
The manager, or owner, of this establishment is horrible. Constantly closes earlier than advertised store hours and will sit and watch while you eat if he is ready to go. I mean within the 12 minutes of him closing at 2! 10 people tried to come in and he just ignored them. I mean seriously. Its Saturday and you close at 2! I don't get his business sense he is still paying the rent for the rest of the day, and I'm sure the people who were ignored will not be coming back and neither will I. I like corner bakery as a brand, but I hope this one goes under!
I've only eaten here once or twice but I always stop in for their cocktails. One of my favorite places downtown.
Just had the Ricotta and it was pretty good. The lady who served my meal was extremely friendly but the woman who wrung me up seemed to be annoyed by my presence. Don't think I will be coming back
This is absolutely my favorite Starbucks since loving to phoenix. The staff is friendly and take the time to get to know you. This is where the regional manager needs to see what's going on right and implement into his other stores! I recently moved to 44 Monroe and I still make the longer trip to this store! Jeep up the great work guys. I truly appreciate the great customer service!
This place has absolutely the best Pho I've had in Phoenix. I went to college where they had a pho places everywhere but out here they are hard to come by. To date this is one of the tastiest places I've been to. The portions are good and the flavors are great. I did order a Thai tea with boba, the flavor of the tea was bland but the bobba was perfect. I would 100% recommend this place
I've eaten here a few times and every time service has been pretty good. Sometimes it feels like you are at someone's home BC I'm sure the staff is family, which can get awkward but food has been amazing! Haven't really enjoyed any of their specialty cocktails so I hope they fine tune their offerings on that end. If you are looking for a good pizza I would definitely come here, as long as you aren't looking to drink.
I went in during my lunch break for a quick Dysport treatment and everyone was very friendly and the service was amazing. I will definitely be coming back. I recommend to anyone who is considering getting Dysport or Botox
Great trainers!! High energy very friendly. Always there helping with form and alternate excersises if needed. If you want to push your workouts, this is the place to go
Best Haircut in the Valley hands down! I've been going here for 6 months. My wife is a travel nurse so we're always moving which makes it hard to find a good barber. We have lived in the west valley, Tempe, and now Scottsdale. These guys were recommended to me by a friend and they did not disappoint. I've gotten my hair cut by multiple barbers here and every one did a great job. I went in during spring training while it was busy and I thought I was gonna be waiting for awhile. I was out in under an hour. They take care of their regulars because they know they're the ones paying the bills year round.They take walk-ins but always try to give them a heads up with a call. They always find a way to work everyone in.
Amazing! The "kitchen sink" cookie had just come out of the oven and was perfect with our fabulous cappuccinos!
Love this place. Chad is a terrific barista & pastry awesome!Need to serve breakfast all day on weekends.
We are in Vegas for the Labor Day weekend and our honda odessey's automatic sliding door fell off the hinge!  Luckily, samurai auto repair is open and we head over there.  Yoshi helps us immediately and tells us only Honda can really repair it but held able to secure the door correctly so we can safely drive back to Los Angeles. Once he's done, we ask how much for his time to repair it and he just waves is away and wishes is safe travels home!  What a genuinely nice guy. I wouldn't hesitate to come back or recommend him to my family and friends!!
Had lunch at Norm's Eggs restaurant ...... delicious  and very warm and friendly.  If you want wholesome comfort food go to Norm's  .  I had tender ox tails with tomato base gravy over rice my husband had crispy Fish n Chips .  Can't wait to try another dish the next time we return to Vegas.
Granted I lived in California for several years, so my expectations may be high when it comes to Mexican food, but any way you slice it this place was just bad.I phoned in an order and was told it would be ready in 15 minutes.  I arrived (15 minutes later) and I watched about 20 more minutes of Ms. Doubtfire on their TV before my order was close to filled.Half of my order was ready when I first arrived, so by the time the rest was done, it had been sitting for at least 25 minutes.We ordered Fish tacos, carnitas tacos, barecoa quesadilla and chips with guac.  My wife and I really wanted to like this.  We want to find good Mexican, but the guac was so bland and whipped it needed a Gerber label on it.  It spread as easy as margarine.  The chips were over-fried flour tortillas.  Being over-cooked made them very greasy.The fish tacos were also very oily and tasted surprisingly fishy.  It was a large piece of fish, but it was burried in a massive cascade of vinegary cabbage.  Still, it was not specifically bad, just not very good.The carnitas were dry, dull and flavorless.  There was a large amount of meat, but since it was not enjoyable eating this taco quickly became a chore.The most flavorful item of the menu was the quesedilla.  It was, however, dripping with oil and soggy.  We ended up throwing most of a nearly $50 meal away.  We really wanted to like this, but from service to flavor to price we were taken advantage of.I would not recommend this place or chain to anyone I like or respect.
Ate at the one off Valencia in Tucson for years - I was thrilled to hear they were building one up here. We go in here once every week or 2. Same great hotdogs, carne asada and salsa bar that you'll find at the original.Go give this place a try!
Tried waking in here tonight at 6:30 pm and was stopped at the door and told they were closed. Very disappointed!
This place is terrible! They use to have a few quality barbers now they have all left! They use a number system to determine who's next in line, however they allow their friends to come in and skip in line and not have to get a number! This will be the last time I ever come to here- the convenience isn't worth their poor business practices!
This was a disappointing resort. The only thing positive I can say is the remodel in the Agave suite was nice. The staff was friendly too.There are two major issues with this resort. The eating venues are horrible and expensive which makes for a miserable experience. The other issue is the lazy....I mean stagnant river. Okay more of a pond. It's almost as dirty as a pond. It looks like it's been weeks if not months since it was cleaned. Yes, there was chlorine but lots of debris and some green scum growing on the sides (not sure how that's possible) The "lazy" river does not work, you have to self propel your self through. Perhaps if they cleaned all the pump intakes it would work better. Oh yeah the pump intakes are clogged with all kinds of debris. This ruined it for us. The rest of the pools are nice and are cleaner. If you are coming for a lazy river, go elsewhere.As for the eating venues, the food is mediocre and the service is inconsistent. We had the best service at Slim Pickens. The worst at Rico's. The Hole in the  Wall is not true BBQ, the staff even admitted they just pour BBQ sauce on cooked meat. Don't let the non-operating smoker out front fool you.It's a shame. This property is so close to being good. Clean up the pool area. Get food service staff that care and improve the food and you would have a great resort.
Extremely disappointing, especially being associated with the adjacent Hilton property. Service is inconsistent and at times very unfriendly. There is nothing special about the food....might as well be eating at Denny's.We did happy hour one night and it was also mediocre.  However, the bar server on that experience was very helpful and friendly. Food and drink options are not the best on happy hour which is likely why the place was virtually empty during happy hour.
Went in for some take out for lunch and it was very good and tasty. I would definitely stop in for a sit down meal
Not the best cupcakes I have had. I am so sorry to say and they cost a pretty penny. They also were not very friendly. I was really looking forward to an amazing dessert but was a bit dissapointed
I have only been to this park off season but its so beautiful and a nice little beach.  So nice that they preserve such a place for the locals and visitors to enjoy
nice we could look around with no pressure. Would love some more normal bike rider kinds of bikes.
We have been ther with C-Cinema. I would  love to see better seats but loved the big movie screen.
Nice place. Other than no enough toilets, we  loved it. Food and drinks are super expensive and you cant bring stuff in. You can however do trunk parties. Tailgate parties? Nice but put the porta potties around the area when you have thousands.
We stopped as part of a food de Tour. It was ok, I had the fish taco but it was hard to tell between the fish and chicken and maybe one of each per person woudl have been nice on two different trays. It was ok. I ordered a Margarita which was a little light and no salt. Everything seemed fresh. Loved the salsa and chips
Ok, first they have 3 front door hostess and yes they are all very pretty but not very good at welcoming the guests. We arrived on Saturday night and did not know we needed reservations. We tried with open table but they do not use it. We were told it was a wait and we should sit at the sushi bar, we said not thank you we will wait at the bar and we were told on no, just sit at the sushi bar, the bar is crowded. Portions are good but the staff way to casual and the food. ok, not the best I have had. The place in Mooresville is twice as good for half the price. The atmosphere is nice but the whole mix of Asian fusion is just covering the gamete abut not really delivering on any one type. Since the place was recommended to us, I was really disappointed. I will take quality over quantity any day. I am really surprised it was so crowded. hummmm
Yuck. The shakes were ok but it was gone 20 minutes before my bugler came out.  Its was ok, nothing special. Yes the price is low but I expected more since we had to wait to be seated
Expensive stuff but you can find good quality and lower prices. I will tell you to get your AAA discount and if you go on a Tuesday and are over 50, you get an additional discount. Some great designer sowns
Great, great, great. We stopped in because we found the new business on Yelp and it was very nice. Nice tap room and so friendly are the owners. I think they had the whole family working the place. They had cards and snacks as well as some great beet. We will be back for sure. Pets are welcome outside and they do have outdoor seating with shade
Loved the beers. I had a flight and it was really good loved the flat breads as well. The only thing I was not a super fan of was the inside I would have loved to have more bar seating. I felt like most of it was for the restaurant and we came for the beers so did not want to take up restaurant seating. Other than that we loved the place. Woudl  come back and in a neat location
The young man who help he was super helpful an very friendly. Its nice to see such good customer service and they carry Olukai's which I loveThey were very knowledgeable  about the sneakers
Love this place. so fresh and love the buffalo blue dressing. Make sure you check in with yelp as they has a discount coupon.  Its saves us a few dollars.  Great place for a fresh lunch
Such a nice owner and man these dog treats small so good, I am tempted to try them myself. Its so hard for a small business owner these days to make it so if you want a birthday cake for puppy or dog food or  just treats . Stop in and support your local business owner.  The added bonus is the treats are really priced well.  My puppy just loves them and gives them a two paws up
Ok, I had to wait and think on this place a bit before I reviewed it. Loved the food and the concept but the price was a bit .....yes..its up there....high.The courses and food was great. I enjoyed most of the courses. We shared the 12 course between the two of us. Love the start with the fresh herbs with the butter but it should have been mixed in . Maybe ask if the clients lie salted since you are mixing it fresh...just a thought.Some of the courses were hard to split. Would say the soup was the hardest. The whole on NC was fun just its just a little hard on some things since we don't grow olive trees in NC. But I will say we use local when we can. Love that you carry local wines like Raffaldini.But my whole problem is the cost . If you charged a bit less the place would be mobbed. The music did not reflect the price of the meal. I would have though instrumental would have been appropriate. We were also seated in the corner so we could not see anything and the place was empty. I would have liked to book my family for Christmas eve but they are closed. Then the thing is they are in the middle of nowhere and charge like 300.00 for dinner. so I liked it but with those prices will not be back for a really long time. I loved the staff and liked the concept I think they just need to lower the cost a bit to draw a crowd. Would I return, sure, if I was not paying the bill or if it was a super special occasion. I had a groupon but it was a drop in the bucket compared to the bill. A dinner for 2 is going to be over 200.00 without even thinking. But again, the food was really good
Good ie cream, open late and free pup cups makes this place a hit. The ice-cream is good and the staff friendly
Heard about this place through yelp and when we saw it during a night of art we had to try it. It looks like a dive but the food was really good. Portions are so big we could have shared and seating was easy. The staff is super friendly and I enjoyed the whole experience. Taste is key and they did not disappoint
We stopped her on part of a food de Tour and its was ok. We had bananas and nutella and it was very tasty.  I would try this place again for sure
Its more of a fast food place so if your not looking for that , go someplace  else. You place your order and then go sit and wait for it. We thought it was more of a diner place. They do have good senior specials though..
Love the atmosphere. I can make a better lemon soup but the portions are really nice and I love that you can order a half portion.  I woudl go back. My daughter had the risotto and it was super good
This was our first time and we really enjoyed it. The Waiter was super nice and the meats even better. We had a platter for three and shared that with a few sides. The potatoes are to die for. I like the fatty brisket the best but it was all very good
We just move here from Connecticut and thought so far this is the best Chinese we have had thus far. Mannn are they fast though so don't let them rush you. I was surprised they charge you for a second pot of tea, but what ever. We had a decent meal. The hot and sour soup was not he nest I ever had but it was good
Nice place. I hope to go during the day time and do a tour. We went at night to a paranormal ativity even which was not that great, but hope to go back
I Like chipotle no matter what anyone says. I woudl like more limes if you ask for them. But all in all I have always had a good bite there
The bagels was nice but I was the only one in there and I asked for a toasted gable with cream cheese and lox. I got back to my office and the bagel was not toasted. How hard is it to get that right when its the only think i ordered and the pace was empty?  Wish they also carried sable . The staff or lady was nice, I just really wanted a toasted bagel since I don't have them very often
I like the mall and they have some good local fast food restaurants in the area. Its a good local mall with many stores.
Love this place but it's close for now due to a fire. They do have a second place in Mooresville. Hope it opens up soon
Nice Costo and well laid out. Plenty of samples on  a Saturday if you want to try anything before you buy it.
Love the southwest tortilla bowl. I miss the old Greek salad but still enjoy the food. Just wish they would use less salt since they scram "I'm healty"
Loe this new place. A little out of the way but well worth the stop. We only hear of it fro a friend but I would say it one of my favorite local brews. The owner seemed very nice and the do have food trucks set up as they did the day we visited.
I love their Chinese food. The hot and sour soup might be a tad to hot but other than that its the best I have found in the area.  So far I have enjoyed everything I have tried. They also I believe deliver.  I would  like the staff to be a bit more friendly but  hey it is what it is.
Nice place Nice owner. We have now been there a few times after trying the paddleboard via groupon and love it. The staff is super nice and helfull and dont laugh when I cant get out of the Kayak. Its a great way to get some good excercise. We will be back next season for sure.
Nice little soda shop. I have had some nice little lunches there and they make a good malt or Frostie (with vanilla ice cream and chocolate syrup)The sweet potato fries are good. If you are looking for a little place to grab a sandwich, its the place. But its small so go on off times
Great place. Felt no pressure and was allowed to walk around and try all the mattresses. The sales  man Geoff was very nice. he gave us a discount on the second mattress and  free pillow and bed cover when we paid in full. I do like the no pressure approach and would go back again. They also give you 120 days to try the mattress which is so helpful when you are spending 5K on a mattress/mattresses
Always good for the pet items. Prices e pretty good and they always seem to have stock. They also have adoption and classes..and grooming
Ben and Jerry's is Ben and Jerrys. It always has a nice staff and they seem helpful. Wish they had more flavors. Twice they did not have chocolate. Chocolate? Yes, that what she said. Good location in Davidson and there is usually never a line
Ok place. I woudllike for the staff to be friendlier and when a PA comes out or an assistant they should tell you not that you think they are the doctor and find out week later they are not or were not.
Ok, very young and the tables are all sticky. Wish they would clean up a bit more. The beer is ok, I have had better.
Very good. We went in for hero's and i loved mine. We shared two and split them I had the eggplant and my husband had the meatball one. I thought it was very tasty. the pasta salad coul have been a little less aldente but it was ok.  They have a wing special and I think I might go back for that. Its tucked away and hard to find but you will remember it. They had a kids party there while we visited and they seemed to have a blast
ok, I love apple products but when I go onto a store and am told I cannot buy their products their and have to go home and order it order it there, what is with that. Why have a store. Then the next couple who were a different ethnic background , were told" oh we can order it for you in the store, would you like help over here on our computer "?" ...while I am still standing there....well that is nuts. Apple you need to work on customer service
Loved the sides. But that was about it. We went on a Saturday so they were a bit busy, so I will give them thtat, but they dont seem to igve you a waiter so it seems like they all help serve you. We ordered and then waited and waited. Still ok But we all ordered our burgers medium rare and they were all well done. Now one thing I do ask for in a burger only place is if you are only doing burgers, then at least get the temp right. The tea was good and so were the sides but the burger was about the same as I can do at home.  Its seemed a bit dry and crumbled, most likely because it was well done. I did like the way they made the lettuce as a bun when I asked for no bread due to allergies.  The decors is super nice
Love this place. Can always find just the right thing for  our places.  Prices can vary so you have to look around. But anything from furniture to snack can be found. They also have a nice cafe but I have yet to find them open when I am hungry
A cool little eat in Market in the heart of uptown. Have a drink, shop, eat or have a snack. Its go it all, even tea shirts. We experienced this as part of a Food De Tour and  loved walking around. Wish the free parking was just not an hour as we got no discount even thought we were validated. Park across the street for half the $$
very nice place. I had the omelet which I would say was rather dry and i could make better at home. but all the other  meals were really nice. We started with the spread plate to share and that was really nice. The girls had the egg Benedict and Jay had duck and it was also great. The iced teas were really tasty and the desert which I had the cheese cake was very good. I would  have liked more syrup but it was still really good . We went for Sunday brunch and I would like to try dinner. Make sure you make a reservation as it does tend to get busy
Love love the pizza. Just wish they could get it crispy when requested.  I absolutely hate the turn and tip machine.  Love the outside area but wish they could so something about the flies. We had about 25 or so swarming us so much we had to go inside to finish. Love the idea of a spot to take the pup. Love love love the blueberry salad. It almost makes me forgo the pizza
A nice place for a quick bite to eat. Not fancy somewhere between a delint and a sandwich place. Soups, sandwiches. the staff was very nice.
I do like the place and it does not smell old like so many do. I always find something nice and find the prices more in line with used furniture to make items move
No much a place to look at and hard to find but I had a good experience. I used Diane and she did a great cut. Now they or she only takes cash or check, so be prepared. But I have been looking for a good hair dresser for over a year and so far she hits the mark without having to sell my first born.  I have not tried her on highlights but will update when I do that.
It was super good. I think its super expensive for chicken but very good. You can get the Pruvian chicken at wholefoods just a few doors down but I guess the sides will not come with it. But neither wil the price tag. I though the taste was amazing and some of the sides were good.The sweet potato fries were soggy by the time we got home but the chicken tasted great
soooo Good. We did have to wait even though we had a reservation but the wait was worth it. I will say on a day like Christmas Eve I think they should have treated us to the drinks since we had to wait about 45 minutes but hey. It was super expensive but the best steak I have had ...ever. The waiter was really nice and our table was great. It was a small room but still felt cosy.
I was so excited to try this place and always saw the parking lot filled so we gave it a try. We went in for lunch but most of the food was blah. Some of the sushi was ok. It did not seem super clean. So we tried the food and asked about the snow crab. Oh we changed new owners and no more snow crab. We have king crab but we do not put out until dinner. So ok, a lesson learned. Then after we pay, Stu come the snow crab. WHAT? So we wound up spending like 60.00 for lunch that would have cost us 30.00 in a regular restaurant and I did not get the one thing I went to a buffet for. I will not be going back
Nice office, nice staff. Miss one of the younger ladies who seem to be gone. Like Dr. V. He is like having your teeth worked on by a skinny Tom Arnold. He seems to know his stuff
Went for a fesstival but was so packed we coudl not move. Love that you can bring a pet but woudl worry it woudl get trampled. Beers are ok but I dont think they had one wheat.  Nice outdoor space and entertainment
Wow, now its not the Amalie's of Charlotte here in Pineville but the fare is just as good. Love the soups as they are homemade. This Amalie's has a coffee, wine, beer bar. They are just the best i you are looking for a dessert of quality. Just the best.
Very nice people . They also helped me use a coupon they ha online to help bring the cost down. I needed some help in framing fast for a wedding gift and they came though. I am definitely a repeat customer
Very very good. A tiny bit pricy for italian food but none the less it was very tasty
A nice Target. I will say though that every time I look for something they are out and I can never find someone to assist me. they are great with refunds though
ok, like the place, hate the popcorn. Its always so bad. I also dont like the way you can hear the moie playing in the next room. But they place is nice and convienient
Very hard to find but once you get there you will not forget. Nice beers. I wish they have more summer Wheats but I enjoyed what we tried They also had Kombucha. It seem like more young people go there than over 45. I might send me girls in to check it out as well. Good luck with the new location. Love the free pretzels.
What a concept. I just love the place and its nice to be able to go out and bring your pets. The food truck Friday is amazing but would like to see more vendors. I might like to see more tables in the outdoor area and make it a rule that people cannot hold tables. I have been there about 4 times where we wanted to just sit and eat and someone just left a leash on a table to hold it and then left for more than 40 minutes. If you have a table sit at it or don't hold it. Leave it for the patrons who are eating. But the staff is nice and friendly. It might use to more lighting in the indoor dog area but other than that, I like it very very much
Love it. Chili is very good and the size great. They have amazing onion rings and the beer samplers are so tasty. So far all we have had is been very fresh and good pub food.  Jay had the bangers and mash and he liked them
Food is ok the portions are ok, prices a bit high for the portion sizes. I would say though if I only order a cup of soup why should I have to wait like 10 minutes to get it at a table. That seems a bit crazy.
I had put off trying this place with all the crazy feta's but was wonderfully surprised. I really like the fresh food. Now the staff at this one location is another matter. One girl at the register as I am waiting in line just cleaves. so I stand there for about 5 minutes until another lady helps me. What is with that. Where did she go.? She helped the person in front of me and then just leaves me hanging? Makes one wonder.
I have only been here once when it was only partly open but what a nice idea. I will have to come back again when its in full swing. It has produe, lessons,  very nice
I like the store. The first young lady was super rude. but the next one from NY was super nice, so we liked that. I was not a super fan of them telling me they emailed me a 5.00 off coupon and I never got it. But they seem to have a nice large selection
Wow, I thought when we moved from CT/NY we would miss the good stuff. This place is amazing and NY lines for sure. One of the best desserts I have had in a long time. Well worth the wait.  They could use more staff on a weekend but other than that, we loved it
wo woo wow wow. Have you seen this place. Let me tell you if you want selection its the place to go. Its huge and the prices seemed ok. I just ran in to take a quick look and almost fell over at the size of the place.
Ok, my daughter was dressing to be Elsa for a Make a Wish event for a little girl. She ordered a wig on line and it was to small. I called ahead and they said they could help. The first two people int he place were not super friendly but then an angle came alone. she allowed us to try on a few and helped explain how to get the wig on. She was just so helpful we will be back for any future costumes. They do have a large variety or wigs and costumes for what I could see. I just love good customer service and I am glad we waited around long enough to have this lady help us. She was the best
Loe Delta. They also seem to be doing a bit more about customer service and I wanted to let you know I have noticed. I wish you had more routes out of CLT so I could use you more on the direct non stops
A nice drug store. They seem to carry it all, even the clapper. They always seem to be friendly when we check out
The place is nice but after seeing  the new place in Cornelius this place  could use some updates.  Some of the machines seem a if someone was chewing on them and some of the headsets for the TV dont work at all. Again some of the TV's seems to be on their last leg.  But as far as getting a good workout in for not a crazy price, its fits the bill.
We stopped in becasue so many have given this a great review. So glad we did. We enjoyed the meal very much. I had eggplant and spaghetti and the bread was super fresh. Not as good as Mama's in Huntersville but its close and well priced. I will be back.
Staff seemed very nice and no real salesman pressure which I love. To bad they sold the car we were looking at.  I guess they are there to sell but we had just been ready to commit, it was only two days. Nice showroom
I love Marshalls and having homegoods attached is really nice. They do however carry a different line of items different from that in CT. I would love to have them carry more brand name lables. Homegood is always wonderful and always make a few good finds
Such a weird location but enjoyed the food. We used to go to the one in Cornelius so wanted to try this one. The waiter was so so and the fries were cold but he took them back and reheated them. Love their wings
Ok, I was so excited for this superstore to come to Cornelius. Now, not so thrilled. So far the veggies have been less than super fresh and the store seems confusing since the veggies are split from the rest of the store. Yes the sushi and bakery are also over there but if you forget something , good luck trying to get back. I purchased a piece of meat which when turned over was like allowed out on the underside. But I will give them this, they replaced it. Love the fact they have sushi but they don't have a many tasting as they Huntervillle store has. So far not super thrilled to say the least. The meats at least so far are better at Teeters. I asked if they could get Goodbelly at customer service and they looked at me like I had three heads. If Teeter can carry product and so can whole foods I cant see why Publix can't. I am still looking for that one store I can get everything in....and so far I don't see the savings they advertise yet. But I do like the no customer number  policy.
First time in Belks and a nice experience. Wish they had more staff on hand to pay for things. I put several things down since I could find no one except a man yelling into his ear piece at another worker, so I left. hint hnt
Fast in , Fast out but I like it. Free parking and no stress. Would love  a bathroom in the building but hey, that would be just to perfect.  Much nicer than running down to Charlotte with all that traffic
Nice theatre and  such nice staff.They told us to pour our large popcorn in a bag and gave us more so we did not have to run back out. How nice was that.
so far the best Italian place we have tried. The portions just right and it tastes like a homemade sauce.  I had the chicken cutlet and it was super good. I would love to see eggplant Parm on the menu. They have a very decent house wine that will not break the bank . Will be back for sure
I thought this stop deserved a new update. The food was spot on. The soup tasted like home made and the pizza was nice and crispy.  I think the said the soup was wedding soup but its tasted more like pasta vegetable with meat soup, but whatever it was it was great. Glad they have outdoor seating so we can stop with our pup. Well done. Plus the staff is now a good mix of nice  kids.Well done Brooklyn South , Well done.From Maine Park, Bay Ridge and Flatbush
great place. Make sure you come early as things sell out fast. The ice pop guy is amazing and so are the homegrown crepes if you wish to have a bite to eat. Also they have great music and good demos. Mae sure to get on their FB page for updates
Love this place. Some of the items are expensive but the quality is there. We did find a few bargins so you have to look. The staff is nice. Dont miss the second side if you do go as there is tow different places both side being the same place
Not bad and makes a good chimminy bread thing. They also have a soup and bread lunch
Cute little house with lots of rooms to sit in and enjoy a beer. I would have rather had the bar area take up the room its in and extend into the room next to it for more bar space but that is only an idea. The staff is friendly and they do have some pretty nice beers. I would stop in again. Maybe have a beer pretzel bowl to purchase might be nice
So far new to the area the office staff seems very helpful. Have not had the best of luck with evists on the website but when I call, the nurses do help me navigate the situation.  Dr Faircloth is my doctor and so far he seems like a friendly chat and takes his time not rushing to make a wrong diagnosis . They always seem to fit me in when  I call . Nice office waiting room
Nice place, super packed. Love that fact you can bring a pet. Will have to do that next time.  If its also so packed they need an outside truck to help the crowds. I woudl hate to see a fire because no one woudl get out without being trampled. The beers are ok, not as good as OMB, but ok.
I feel to update my review because of what after appeared to be un-helpful, Dr Darst did call me and we spoke about what happened. He suggested Tehran Dr while my daughter was in RI and she has been back to him since.  I appreciated the response and glad to see her next visit went much better. I guess everyone has an off day and maybe there was some miscommunication between the two of them. Hopeful from here on in we will have much better  visit is and yes we will attend with her to assist
Poor quality food, bad service, weak and small margaritas. Food was cold, and worst of all nothing near authentic Mexican.Don't waste your money. There are many other new Mexican branded restaurants in Edinburgh and some close to this one.
Excellent place for burgers, cole slaw, onion rings, desserts, etc. Take away, delivery or sit in. Good, friendly service. Busy place. Don.t love the nut burger as find it too salty and crumbly. Spicy bean burger is There is no link to their website on Yelp, but link is here. The menu is not inclusive. Zomato site has their full menu.http://bellsdineredinburgh.com
Jan 2015. The original Cholas has gone. It is now Northern Indian owned by someone else. So my review no longer relates to the new restaurant. If you want good Southern Indian, try going a bit further north across the road to Tanjore.---This is THE best Indian food I have had anywhere, and from any region of India, bar none. The food is fresh, delicious and full of great flavours and colours. Everything is prepared fresh to order. The menu selection is very varied with lots of great choices. The staff are wonderful; very friendly, courteous and eager to create a great dining experience for you. The restaurant itself is nicely designed and set, and is very clean. Have been there twice already in a month's time. They have a great lunch and dinner menu, offer free delivery and catering, also. You will not be disappointed, and will visit often, I expect! Enjoy!
Small busy cafe. Lots to do in little space. Did not appreciate the bug zapper light hanging in the kitchen, firstly. Member of staff ate something with his hands and didn't then wash them. Food was okay. Coffee bitter. Cake disappointing. Had a funny taste and no real "coffee"flavor as advertised. Service quick, friendly and quite good.Wouldn't rush back, but basically okay.
Very good food. Great flavors. Excellent, friendly service. Bring your own alcohol. No corking charge. Will be back.
Bitter, not that great, expensive. Small, sterile, cold, sparsely decorated space. Give it a miss!
My favorite Thai and one of my most favorite restaurants in Edinburgh. Found them 5 years ago, and still as excellent. The setting is lovely and relaxing. The staff are friendly and provide excellent, attentive service. The food is excellent and well presented. Simply outstanding and sure to please everyone! The have take away also.
Look nice, but expensive for what you get, in terms of cupcakes. Too much icing, too sweet, and taste like packet mix. Too much packaging for takeaway. Being a baker (and no, don't have a business here), I am surprised by the glowing reviews. Try other bakeries first, before going here, if you are looking for excellent quality, fairly priced cupcakes.
The BEST bread, especially the sour dough in Edinburgh. The rest of their treats are fabulous also. Coffee is also nice. You can sit in for coffee and a cake, before going home with the other items you purchased! Super! Owner and staff are also welcoming, friendly and professional! Great service, too!
The worst, NON Mexican food I have ever had. The worst food I have ever had. The restaurant is nice enough, the staff nice, too, but the food, BAD!!!!! Tasted more like Indian, but did not look like Indian!!!!!! AVOID!
Guacamole likely out of a commercial tub. Corn chips tasteless, hard and like Doritos out of a packet. Nachos...hardly nachos...mostly chips and cheese. Too much lime in camarones in oil. Portions small. Food bland and lifeless. Not a long life for the restaurant I would guess!
Excellent service! Comfortable setting. Very good food, from starters to desserts. Would visit again.
Used to be a regular for many years. It grew and staff changed and things slipped a bit. One day whilst eating in a hired service came in to hoover under the display units during business hours with all manner of food out, exposed and being eaten. The hose blew a whole load of dust into the air all over the restaurant!! It became like fog inside for a few minutes. Never went back as could not believe such lack of health and safety. Unsanitary and unhealthy!!!!
Excellent, knowledgable, professional service....and oh, fantastic cheeses, eggs, and other accoutrements...the way it should be done!
The food here is quite good. The staff are very good and professional. The setting is intimate, relaxed and also modern. A wonderful place to go for a coffee and something, lunch or dinner. It has a real warm atmosphere about it. They offer interesting menus, and even non-vegetarians could really enjoy it. The problem I have is that they do not vary their menu often enough. I think it has been the same for over a year now. It would be nice to add new things at least as specials, or re-do the menu for the seasons, or at least annually. I always hope for different choices when I go, and am slightly disappointed with this one aspect.
Excellent fish & chips. Best if you order your fish & chips cooked to order, wherever you go, and not take ones on the side already cooked. They offer a myriad of other fried foods, as well. You can also buy wine, beer, fizzy drinks, water, etc. and ice cream to take away with you. Or you can stay and eat in the small sitting bar area to the side. A very, very popular place. A top favorite.
I have gone to Freddy for over five years since moving here from the States. Having been duly informed by the friendly ginger-haired clerk at Sally Beauty on the ins and outs of area salons; and after trying two of the "high end" shops in town, I am so grateful to have found Freddy. Having had many years of experience all over the States, with both excellent and bad salons...I have learned what is good! And I expect a lot now!He is an excellent colourist and stylist. He also does my nanokeratin treatment well too. I always like the results and get lots of compliments on my hair from friends and strangers, too.My friend has been going to Freddy for a few years, too, after moving back from London and looking for services on par with Marylebone.
Delicious...that's all you need to say! Great customer service, too! Yelp wants me to say more, but I would like to leave it as I said, Yelp! :-)
The decor is fun, especially if you like skulls! Had 3 margaritas: 1 frozen, 1 clear and 1 with grapefruit bitters and forget. They were small by my standards. The frozen was the most like a margarita. The other two were very strong, and not that interesting or...well tasty. Prices a bit high for what you get. The menu was small. Had the guacamole with plantain chips as other reviewers raved. The guacamole was very good as were the chips, and the two work together. Had the jalapenos bombers, too. They were also excellent. However, the portion of guacamole was very small. Had pork shoulder tacos and fish tacos. Tasted good, but batter on fish not great. Again, portions were extremely small. The boozy beans and street corn were had also. Beans okay, not great, small portion. Corn was on the cob and covered in sauce...not fun to eat, taste lacking, too. The staff let you seat yourself. They were very casual and sat around at the empty tables chatting. Our waiter's girlfriend visited for a while and they hugged and kissed right there. (lovely, just not while I am in your restaurant serving me. Felt like we were in their house visiting. Lastly, the music was hip-hop, and if you don't like sexually explicit music, you might ask for, I don't know, maybe some Mexican, ya know? Anyway, All things considered, I wouldn't go back...but I am fussy as have had authentic Mexican, and it is my preference. Adios, muchachas!
Excellent food! Great place to get gifty food items to take as presents. Always busy, and if they got a bigger space it would fill up too! Great for take aways. Serves breakfast and lunch. Everything from soup, sandwiches, pasta dishes, etc. Great desserts! Authentic Italian! Owners are great, very friendly, caring and hardworking!!! Grazie!!!
Went for their gin as a pre-dinner stop. Quite busy at 6:30PM. Filled with all kinds of people and group sizes. Running sports on telly. A pub feel that serves lots of gin inspired cocktails, some wines, bubbles, etc. some nice drinks sampled by our group of 7. They serve food, but weren't able to get a booking to eat. All enjoyed but thought it was a bit pricey. Service a bit slow, but lots of people working. Overall, decent place if you're in that area, but lots of  similar choices elsewhere. Glad we tried it.
This location is now closed. Abercromby Place is still operating. Such a shame as a good local spot for Stockbridge.
I love the idea of baked cheesecake over instant made in the fridge. However, having tried these, I found the slices too big...I know...who would dislike that? Well, it is mostly cheese...but one slice is way too much for one. But, above that, it just was disappointing in the flavour department. It is off the mark if compared to my homemade, and ones from the US or Germany, for example. With improvements, it could be very good and a welcome place to come and shop for the convenience. Unsure, if I will try again. :-(
Excellent service!!! Staff very attentive and professional! A great example of how great customer service should be done! The food was fresh, well presented and very tasty. It was quite busy, so consider booking ahead. The restaurant was clean and comfortable. They have it decorated in a Rennie Macintosh design that is spot on. It is no wonder it ranks so high on Trip Advisor for all Indian and also all restaurants in Edinburgh!!Will be back again!
Gave 2 stars for service was good, but only 1 star for food. Packaged bread, tasteless humous, soggy beans, super soggy spinach and cheese pastry. Cute small, well decorated place. Friendly staff. Mixed up our order and thought it was definitely our mistake. However, with loud hen party and live south african band playing, sh misheard us. Resolved finally, after we insisted we had ordered differently. As the food is the main draw here, sadly will not go back as could have bought better at M&S.
One of the best pastry places I have visited. Absolutely love their tiramisu, creme brulee and cheesecakes. Their cappuccino and biscotti are a must have. Good options for vegetarians. Their basil pesto and sun dried tortellini are mind blowing. Also love the vegetarian stromboli. Would really recommend this place for a weekend brunch.
Love this location so much! The staff are always very friendly even when I walk in looking like a zombie and ask for something off menu. They have great customer service here!
If you are vegetarian try this place out! You can get anything made with tofu. My favorite is Orange tofu :)
Amazing! Ryan is the best and super accommodating. Great cocktails and amazing food. Super hip inside and good music.
Good food! Nice establishment. The soups, chicken lemon rice and lentil soup, are so good!!!Mom really liked the lentil soup. Got mom's seal of approval!!! Chicken salad was delicious!!! Worth the trip!!!
I recently went to Garcia's Las Avenidas, on a Friday during Lent. I had the #8, green enchiladas with rice and beans. Sounds good right?....But....the tortillas from the enchiladas where old and hard. The sauce was red and NOT green. The rice tasted old, like from the previous day. The beans also looked old, did not try them at all. ..Now as a disclaimer, I am Mexican, so the standards are high, but this was an awe full meal!!! I like to take a break  from cooking and go some where where the standards at least are half meet my cooking. This evening the standards where not met even half way!!!  The place was not packed and we where given a table right away, the service was good, the atmosphere was good but he meal was awe full!!! I guess I could not have both!!! Once shame on you Garcia's Las Avenidas!!!Hope the second time I go ( may take a long while before I go again), it's a little better or shame on me!!!
Love this place!!!Me and my daughter always have a good time with real good food when we come here!!!
Great place for lunch, but come before the lunch rush or the wait WILL be long. The soup at lunch time will remind you of the soup mom and abuelita made. Had the camarones a la veracruzana and was the best I had in a long time.  Great dinning area and service is great.
I love this place. It has the best pizza, sub sandwiches and meatball spaghetti!!! This Barros Pizza in Laveen is also the most family friendly establishment!! Have visited other Barros, but this one is the best for family pizza night any night of the week. The staff is super friendly, the place is always clean and the food is awesome!!!
So I went to this place becouse of the reviews on YELP..boy was i disappointed!.. The first time i went for lunch at 1pm...music is way to load, waitresx was one person changed to another petson who took our order changed to another person who delivered our food changed another 3 times , got lost on who to ask for the check.  Felt i got served left overs Second time took my mother for dinner, music to load, mom had to yell when speaking,  food had too much onions, felt like i ordered onion tacos instead of meat tacos, again a revolving door of waitresses, asked for 2 coffees, never delivered,  asked 2 waitresses for the check. Took too long to get check..Food was over priced!..Could have been better.Gave this place two chances and you know what they say...once shame on you, twice shame on me, BUT NEVER A 3RD TIME!...Restaurant Impossible should stop by and help this establishment.  It has potential BUT NOT TAKING MY BUSINESS THERE AGAIN!!!
Food is authentic and really good. The buffet is awesome!!! If you have never had middle eastern food, i recommend the buffet! A little bit of everything to try.  Prices are reasonable too... Will be coming back, A LOT!to this establishment!!!
I really like this place, The atmosphere and the food is awesome!!! Misconception that is Mexican food, the food on the menu represent the 22 Latin American countries, which is why it is called Barrio Cafe. Highly recommend a Sangria with the meal. Oh and the capirotada is always a must for desert!!!
Took my mother and daughter on a Friday night instead of our regular pizza night and was pleasantly surprised on the good food and atmosphere. The price was right. A lot of pork choices, would of liked some more chicken or vegetables choices, but over all the food was good. Will be returning.
Love this place!!!! Ordered the chicken quesadilla the first time, was the best I have tasted in a long time.Ordered the waffle and scramble egg platter the second time, on a Wed afternoon!!! Waffles light and fluffy. AWESOME!!!!Going back to try the pineapple chicken with rice bowl.Clean, fast service, music was awesome and great customer service.FINALLY a  GREAT diner in downtown Phoenix!!!!
Food is home made and really good.Took my sister for the first time on 10/27/17, she did not know it existed and was pleasantly surprised by the establishment.We felt right at home, food was really really good! ( ALWAYS IS!) and price was right!THIS IS OUT SOUTH PHOENIX FAVORITE!!! And we will continue to go as often as possible!!
OMG!!! BEST TACOS IN TOWN!!!  Located in the barrio, where all good Mexican food is made, this place knows how to make tacos!!!  Everything is made fresh and so delicious. Joytaco and America Tacos don't know tacos like Kiss Pollos.  Prices are right, food is made fresh and I'm sure glad I found this place. Will be here a lot more and can't wait to bring the family.
Nice atmosphere. Pita are fresh but rice tasted too much like garlic ( which is sometimes used to cover up food going bad). Got sick from the food. Will not be going again until MCC Health Dept. does a good inspection of this establishment.
OMG!!! What ever they are serving at La Canasta, IT IS NOT MEXICAN FOOD!!! This place should be named Cacanasta!!! Have gone twice and it is AWE FULL!!!! The chicken soup I had was not chicken soup, it was just some kind of meat with a lot of lard!!! The Cocido tasted so old, the corn in it was coming apart!!! The salsa given with chips was just a can of whole tomatoes and a can of green chills mixed together. Next time some Pace Picante sauce will be so much better.If i could I would give this place a negative star I would!!!!I'LL NEVER EAT AT THIS PLACE!!! DON'T RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE!!!..PLEASE CHANGE THE NAME TO CACANASTA TO BETTER REFLECT THE FOOD THAT THEY DO SERVE!!! ...YUK!!! NASTY!!! SUCIO!!!!
luv this place!!!! awesome place with awesome food!!! i wiill be a loyal and frequent customer! !!! highly recommend this place! !!
Popusa was fried, music to load ( could not have conversation), rice tasted old, cabbage was not chopped up and very soggy. Will no be going to this establishment any time soon....My hunt continues for a good popusa.....
Luv this place!!!! Have been coming here for over 15 years! I live in Laveen and me and my family still make at least a monthly trip to eat here!!!The humus is really good. Only place that serves it with a pickle and a calamata olive! Yum!The greek salad is very filling with chunks of feta cheese! Not crumbles! My daughter always gets the chicken kabob plate and leaves no crumbs! Mom enjoys the hot tea with the lamb plate. Casual atmosphere and prices are good.Highly recommend this place!!!The grocery store is great. Always take some feta cheese, pita's and dates for future meals at home.
Service is hit or miss. Have been to this place a hand full of times. Received good service twice and bad service thee times. Steak was good, chicken salad awe full. Music was good. Will not be going back. Don't like Russian roulette with eateries.
So disappointed in Maryln's :(...Went in on Friday 10/27/17 for lunch, after telling my best friend/ sister about this place, and what do I find? No chicken !!! I was not able to stay and enjoy a good lunch because no chicken and limited items available on the menu due to limited ingredients in the kitchen :(SO VERY MUCH DISAPPOINTED!!!Will not return EVER!!! and risk not being able to eat anything from the menu if not sure kitchen is stocked up!!!Made me look like a food, had to find another place to eat at, last minute, and no compensation offered !!!!If I could I would give this establishment a negative start!!! NO LONGER ON MY LIST OF FAVORITES!!! and have lost a loyal customer!!!!
Great driver, was friendly prompt and provided great service.  Thank you for your help and getting us off the side of the I-15.
Gia is my my hair hero! About a month ago I had a "hairmergency"... aka I got a haircut/color that I was not so crazy about. A coworker of mine referred me to Gia and she was able to get me in the very next day! I left her chair feeling like a new woman. I have since then gone back to Gia to move up my extensions and give me a brown/blonde ombr, and I absolutely love it! So blessed to have found such a sweet, patient, and talented stylist!
I recently moved to the Centennial area and was very hesitant on trying any nail salon other than the one I had been going to for years. I drove past Pink on my way to the grocery store and decided to stop in and check it out. The pleasant young lady at the front kindly greeted me and asked what service I needed. She then led me to a chair where I was greeted by the nail technician. My nails turned out great and I have been going there ever since! I get my nails, toes, and eyebrows done here for a reasonable price and amazing quality work!
Finally an Italian restaurant with REAL Italian cuisine that isn't overly priced for the quality of food you receive! Not to mention their incredible wine list with a wine for any and every palette! I have dined here on multiple occasions now and can honestly say it's one of my favorite places to go. Whether sitting at the bar and enjoying a divine signature cocktail with the fun upbeat bartenders, or sitting at a table and receiving a one of a kind dining experience....you're guaranteed to leave happy and satisfied!
A friend and I visited Rise and Shine a few days ago for the first time. We arrived 30 minutes before they closed and asked the host if they were still seating and apologized for our late arrival. The kind gentleman assured us that it wasn't an issue and got us seated right away. The waitress was also extremely polite and very helpful. But most of all, the food was fantastic! An all around great experience.
I have been a member at LVAC for almost 5 years and have visited almost every location. But the North Decatur gym is by far the best. Friendly staff, state of the art equipment, and everything is always very clean. Unfortunately it is one of the higher volume locations, so parking is difficult at certain times. But all around, it is a spectacular gym!
I was referred to Brian by a friend who has been going to him for years.  He is FANTASTIC!!! He is honest, dependable, and very fairly priced.  I trust him absolutely implicitly. I have taken cars to him for inspection before I buy them, and completely base my buying decisions on his opinion.  I have never had a mechanic I trusted in my life, until now.  I HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend Brian at Future Service!!!
These guys did a FANTASTIC job, and were sooo nice and accommodating.  They came to my place, during the weekend, which was very convenient.  They have excellent customer service, the warrantied tint looks GREAT, and the price was great!!!
I give this plays five stars, based on what it is: A great local neighborhood hang out.  Good food, good prices, and a great staff. There aren't many places left where you can get $2 domestic bottles anytime, or a complete breakfast for $2.99. The owner is a nice, hard-working guy, who puts a lot of time and energy into the place. It's clean, well equipped with TVs, darts, pool table, and a jukebox.
Everybody was very helpful, the prices were very fair, and they offer free delivery and haul away within 15 miles. We had been to five other stores. Here, they made the transaction was very easy and smooth; not high pressure at all.
This has been my home studio for 2 1/2 years now.  The owner Brooke, has the most beautiful spirit, and the whole place just vibrates a wonderful energy.  It's a place I know I can go and always feel good.  The teachers are helpful, informative, and very skilled.  Kevin makes me smile every time, his classes Rock!!!  I also love it when I can catch the occasional gong meditation.  Keep up the good work - and Thanks!!!
Seating at Japanese Ramen joints are very similar. 3 -  6 tables and a bar, and a waiting list that you write your name on and wait to be called. At good Ramen places, a half hour to 45 minute wait is the norm. They aren't places to linger. They are places to eat and leave.Early on a Saturday night, before the huge CES tradeshow, we hoped it would not have a line curling around the block as it did the year before during the trade show. With a little bit of parking "karma" we snagged a parking spot as someone else left, signed in and waited.We were fortunate. After 20 minutes, we were in. Some Ramen places do a complete "meal" with broth, meat, egg, veggies, etc. for about $15 Monta does the "basic" with add-ons that comes up to the same price. But that meant you could get what you extras you wanted. More meat, maybe another egg or an extra helping of corn or nori.I had the Tonkatsu Shoyo broth (pork bones and soy sauce) with extra charsui (fatty pork), stewed egg and nori. Seated at the bar meant we got a ring side view of the cooks: The huge pots of broth at a roiling boil, how they heated the bowls before using them, the finishing of the bowls.Once they arrived, we slurped it down - like you are supposed to, before the Ramen sat in the broth too long and the texture changed. Excellent noodles, tasty - very tasty broth, fatty slices of pork and stewed egg with the yolk just a little "custardy" - very yum.Definitely worth the usual wait - if we were to head back there again.
As usual, in a place I haven't been before, I used Yelp to see what was available in Las Vegas Town Square (which is another review in itself) and read off the likely choices to my traveling companion, my brother. "What about British food?""I live in London remember? English gourmet cooking is an oxymoron.""Oh come on, let me look at the menu. If they have pies and chips should be okay.""Greasy fish and soggy chips!""How about real Shepard's Pie? With lamb, not beef?""Eh.""Toad in the hole?""They have Toad in the hole??"Sold.I had Steak and ale pie with mash, and he dithered before settling on Toad in the hole, and had his eye on sticky toffee pudding for dessert. Then the plates came out. HUGE dinner plates. "Looks authentic,"He tasted the mash. I tasted the mash. We both declared it good. He cut into the sausage Yorkshire pud and put it in his mouth. I swear his eyes rolled back as he chewed. We exchanged bits of our dishes. We exclaimed over the taste and texture. We had too much to eat and couldn't order dessert.Then we waddled out to complete our errand and headed back to the strip to finish up set-up for the CES.Authentic British food, 'Murican portions and as good as it gets.
Good solid authentic and tasty dishes at reasonable prices. Noodle Exchange in the Gold Coast Casino is our "go to" place when we are staying at the Casino. It's the place to get a bowl of porridge after a long flight, you are feeling a little queasy and want your comfort food.It's not your "fancy" restaurant but more like your local corner restaurant where the service can be hit or miss but the food has never disappointed. Come here for your bowl of noodles, congee, BBQ and rice dish. The hotpot meals in the evening is a recent addition (I also understand it went away but then came back again) - and it is a good value with a broth base (too many hotpot places give you hot water instead of a broth). For anyone who has never had a Chinese hotpot - you put in the vegetables to cook and give the broth flavor, then add your meats, taking them out and dipping them in sauces to eat them, then after all the food is gone, you drink the wonderfully flavorful soup.Noodle Exchange has the usual beef / chicken / seafood hotpots and the bases are regular, spicy and herbal. If you have several people eating the hotpot, you can ask for two broths - they bring out a divided bowl. But do give the herbal broth a try. Let it boil a few minutes for the herbs and spices to release their fragrance before you start cooking your meats.I will have to make special mention of the sauces. The Hoisin sauce for the Peking duck, the Sate sauce for hotpots - they are exceptionally good.Once again, a good solid choice for authentic Chinese food. Not fancy, just good.P.S. If service was top notch, they'd get a five star from me.
Talk about a hole in the wall foodie's secret! Neither the bellhop at the hotel nor the taxi driver had  heard of this place and we had to pull out our smart phones to map the way there. Located in a semi-industrial area that's just 10 minutes away from the strip, it took a bit of convoluted driving to actually get there. It's not a fancy place, simple benches, plastic utensils, noisy, with an order counter and serve your own drinks, but oh man... the food... the food! (They also have sweetened tea - have to have that in a Southern BBQ place, right? Right??)This place was suggested by a couple of local friends when I was visiting and we met up for dinner. We got what I think was the "Pit special" which was the variety platter, 5 meats and 3 sides - Pulled pork,1/4  chicken, hot links, ribs and brisket - an extra order of the corn nuggets - think of tater tots made with kernels of corn and corn meal, green beans and coleslaw. The slaw was good but we had to dole out the corn nuggets to be fair or any one of us would have hogged them all.Best Southern BBQ I've had in a long, long while - so good I did not try any of the other sauces - they make several - on the meat. They did not drown everything in sauce either, but encouraged you to try the various sauces. Crisp, well seasoned chicken skin, saucy (but not too saucy) pulled pork, ribs with just the right amount of char, tender brisket, spicy links... it was all good.Then it was time for dessert and the chef was walking around talking to customers and we asked about dessert, with a friend asking if "Mama's Banana Puddin" was made of real custard. Hoo boy, you'd think we just insulted his Momma. "You think I would use box vanilla pudding? Man, you gotta stand there and stir that custard by hand or it ain't good! That's the only way you can make Banana puddin!"We settled on the banana pudding and the blackberry cobbler and shared - because we were so full from dinner (and we had left overs to take home) - we scraped those bowls clean! Talk about greed... I was tempted to get another! The Banana custard was smooth and tasty, the consistency of the custard just perfect - none of that grainy fake pudding mix in that!. The cobbler topping was not overly sweetened which let the blackberry taste shine through.Altogether, a wonderful gustatory experience - and the cost for this wonderful experience? Oh... about $12 each.
So... I was at the Venetian Towers for the recent Consumer Electronics Show and ended up eating at Lobster ME every day (as did my colleagues) after I had my first Lobster roll there. In all, I had the lobster roll (4x), the lobster melt (the French with Brie), the fries, the chips, the very yummy blueberry lemonade, the slaw (ate every bit of it) and the Lobster Bisque.Lobster Me gets a solid four stars from me. The food was consistently good even though the place was slammed because of the show. The fries and chips were crisp, the bread nicely toasted, and the bisque surprisingly good for a place that's essentially Fast Food.The Roll at $18 seemed a little expensive and looked small, but it was overflowing with the claw meat and it comes with chips made in the store (not ripples out of a bag) and a condiment sized bit of coleslaw - just enough. Upgrading it to a combo substituting chips for fries and a Drink ($4) is a no-brainer as the drink itself is $4.The Melt uses tail meat but seemed a bit skimp but at $10, value isn't bad... and comes with the same chips and coleslaw. The Lobster Bisque was surprisingly tasty (again, for a fast food joint), and the lemonades were also tasty and not too sweet - the blueberry flavored lemonade was really quite yummy.Service was excellent. I did not think I could "combo" a Melt and the register clerk informed me it was the better deal when I wanted both fries and a drink with it. They also honored the long (LONG!) expired coupon that was linked to their Yelp profile when I "checked in." Given the crowd and the noise, it was no surprise that they got an order or two mixed up, but they were cheerfully corrected.I hope it is still there in the Venetian Towers next year!
I like the vibe of the place and it is well known because of First Friday. But I think they rely on too much with the vibe they try to give off and not enough with customer service. They need to understand although me and other people may not be in their circle, I would like a sense of respect because I am still a paying customer. Maybe if they extended themselves outside of their inner circle, they can get more revenue.
I like the drinks, the staff, and the music. However, I can't go on busy nights, because cigarette smoke gets inside the bar. I'm not sure if the 20 feet away from the door/window law applies to bar patios. If it does, it's definitely not a priority here.
Worst America's Taco Shop location I've been to. I typically go to the 7th St. and McDowell location. My burrito came out incorrectly, and it's just beans and cheese. The service was horrible. The staff whistled at us to let us know our burritos were ready despite the fact that (a) they gave us a number and (b) we were literally a foot away.
The lightrail is my main form of transportation. I also ride the 19c (METS on Google Maps) a lot which is free. It makes my life much easier, and it really needs to run 24 hours. If they cut the security checks, they could afford it. The security guards are often rude and have harassed me for no reason. There are some nice ones that stick out too though. The buses are often late or early and seemingly not reliable. That being said, I usually enjoy the pleasant demeanor of the drivers. Go with the rail if you can.
Super cool company. My mom's garbage disposal needed to be repaired. Tinker Plumbing wasn't the lowest bid, but they came on time, explained everything clearly, found and fixed the problem, and cleaned up after.
Super helpful and nice. I had no idea what I wanted or what I was looking for. Someone helped me pick a good flavor for 30 or so minutes. I hear that organic juice exists for the vapes, and if it does, I hope they carry it. I enjoy getting my products there.
They have a vegan option. It's nice to have more options near the Garfield that are open late too. Also, it's all about the grilled cheese on the biscuit with bacon added. The sides that come with the dishes are disappointing. I'd prefer a smaller/easier to eat sandwich with some sauteed veggies.
While it's a great alternative to Circle K in that there is a huge variety of items available, it'd not necessarily cheap by any means. It's as if the owner went to Costco and is reselling it. I'd like to see more support of local products, especially if it's going to cost more anyway.
They really don't have the nicest staff, and they often don't have enough people for the demand. However, some of the staff members are great and really friendly. They are what makes it worth it to me. It's in a convenient location, which is nice. I like that there are more options out there now for folks who use EBT, but the machine seems to always be out of order.
Worst All-You-Can-Eat sushi experience ever! We were here by 6:30 on a Wednesday to try and get a table for 4 for 8:00pm, because they restaurant wouldn't pick up calls for reservations... When we came back again at 7:50pm they said our table is not going to be ready until 9pm, because that's just what they told us the first time. So we left and at 8:15 they called us to come back. Food was very very bad, the beef tataki was cut so thick and was plated like it was just old and Raw super market raw meat :( Fried tofu skewers were bad.. The tofu has gone sour. Lamb skewers were hot on the outside and cold like they didn't reheat properly.There was so many other bad food..
Really great place with tons of options. The service is always very prompt and I love that you can get some clean items so you don't feel guilty when eating out. I had the salmon with a walnut pesto sauce that came on the side but I added it on my salmon and it was delicious! It came with two side choices and I did quinoa and grilled asparagus. Minimal to no seasoning which I like as it's better that way. Their juices are all so delicious too! Really good sizes and they are nice and thick that you almost feel like you are drinking a smoothie.Whenever I come to visit the area to see family I come here at least once and I'm always happy!
My sister recommended this place to try for some authentic gelato and we are very happy she suggested for us to go here.We were greeted by a very nice man, possibly the owner, who asked us if it was our first time. That prompted him to give us the low down of the authenticity of all the gelato and gave us multiple samples of some of the top flavors. He was a Very friendly and inviting man which made the experience even better.He let me do 3 flavors in a 6oz cup and they were all amazing! I went with pistachio which I would normally NEVER choose but it was really good! I also did tiramisu and Oreo which were both wonderful! My husband went with lemon pound cake and a Nutella chocolate cake flavor.The servings were very generous and even though we did the 6oz you can definitely be satisfied with the 4oz size!Great place! We will be back when we visit my sister next! Thanks!
It's east to see what it's trying to be, but it misses. First, the design. It's very hip, with its brushed steel and clean lines, counter around the periphery with power outlets and free WiFi. The easy menu is presented mounted in large sheets of glass. The staff are cool and friendly and accommodating. It took a long time to choose our breakfast because there were so many intriguing options on the menu. The food we got tasted pretty good, but there wasn't any excuse for so much of it being cold (mid-morning, not crowded). The signature rosemary potatoes? An English muffin? Really? The omelet was stellar and the biscuits and gravy were yummy (though extra salty). The fried eggs were overcooked, despite the VERY detailed explanatory poster (explaining the spectrum of subtlety in egg doneness) that hangs next to the ordering station. I knew what I wanted, ordered same, and got a couple of degrees more done than that. (If you're going to make a big deal about the finesse of your egg frying technique, you'd better deliver every time.)They had made too many parfaits that morning and comped us one, which was tasty--but would have been better with fresh fruit instead of compote.They automatically lose a star for having conversation-hostile televisions (though my bride wants it noted that they were all on different channels, so one could choose one's interest and find something to watch). Another half star gone because if the ambient music. Techno on a Thursday morning?We may go back, but we're only here for a week and there are other options available.
First of all, a substitute sushi chef is like a substitute teacher. That was our mistake. When the relatives wanted to take us to their favorite sushi restaurant and they didn't recognize the chef, it should have been a red flag (pun intended, since the restaurant's name means "Red Flower").After that, the reliance on "seafood salad" as a filler was another sign that something was amiss. And maybe the chef is Atkins-leaning, for while the sushi fish portions were generous, the supporting rice was about half a thumb-sized. Balance, Grasshopper!Everything was fresh and the place was clean. The hot sake was in a half-litre ceramic bottle at a very reasonable price. The waiter WAS apologetic when he came back to say the menu was wrong, after having been shown the difference between what we ordered and what the chef assembled, and did take it off the bill (well, we didn't eat it).MAYBE it is ok the rest of the time. It IS an awfully long way out of town, plunked at the edge of new franchise ghettos. But the staff seemed authentic, but got too much wrong to get three stars. And every place with TVs automatically loses a star.
It wouldn't be fair to expect Abby's to be what it isn't. It's a fine little breakfast and lunch spot with European groceries and gifts. Our hostess, Flo, is a pip. The cook does a fine job making what's on the menu. (We don't really know whose hair that was under the potatoes.) And the menu IS extensive. It is, however, important to read the menu before ordering. Who knew, without reading the menu, that the corned beef sandwich was going to come with lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise? (That was surprising, but would not have been if I had read the menu and seen that all those sandwiches come that way.)The pastrami omelet was light on meat and did include American cheese (probably noted on the menu, but, well, you know). The frozen shredded potatoes were done up just fine. And there you go! For not a lot of money you have a huge menu, great service--and entertainment, and you can pick up obscure Eastern European staples and treats while there! Oh, and any place with a TV automatically loses a star, so that's why the two.
REALLY good. Yes, they are Authentically Napolitana. The oven is wood fired. The ingredients are fresh and the pizzas are classic and inventive at the same time. It doesn't get five stars because it isn't perfect. (Yes, that IS Pizzeria Bianco, but it is closed on Monday, so we tried 'Pomo--and weren't disappointed.) The tiramisu did not provide the effect mentioned elsewhere, however, but it was pretty good. They lose a star because of the ambiance. Specifically, the radio: loudly. A RADIO? Really? Who decided that was going to complete the experience? It's almost worse than a TV, and THAT costs a whole star in my reviews.
My favorite restaurant in North America. Every time we've been there we've been treated well and fed better. From the fois gras poutine to the duck in a can, and everything else, it's just cool.  And if you're lucky, Chef Picard will be there. It's fun to watch him work.
When a place gets voted as having the best tortillas in Phoenix, it is worth a visit. When it delivers this well, it's worth every possible chance to eat there.  So the graduation and assorted flyer mile and affinity point programs coordinated to have us in Carolina's area for a week. That's probably why we went four times. Even if we had been staying closer to the family (about an hour away) we would have gone at least twice. If I lived in metro Phoenix I'd probably go  as often as I could get there.IT IS THAT GOOD. OK, there are a lot of things on the menu I didn't try. But the machaca and anything on those tortillas make being in Arizona worth it.
My husband and I decided to look here for a new love seat as we had family coming in for a visit. We came in on a Monday, ended up finding something we really liked and bought it. The manager there was new and said for his first week there he wanted to give us a discount on the furniture protection warranty which was very nice. By the time all was said and done with delivery fee and tax we spent over $1200 on the love seat. We were guaranteed delivery by Thursday which was very important to us since we had family coming in. ( I am 9 months pregnant and due any day now). We were told that we would get a phone call on Wednesday to verify delivery time... Well by 5 on Wednesday we hadn't heard anything so I decided to call. The woman I spoke with said that the order wasn't showing on her computer and that she wasn't sure when we would be able to get the couch. She was not helpful or concerned at all and offered no apology. I asked her to transfer me to a manager which she did, I spoke with him and he had no explanation for why the order never went through. I asked him if he knew when the couch would be available to which he replied that he didn't know. I asked for a refund... They went from having lifetime customers to very disappointed customers. We will not be back.
I'm giving a three star review only because the food was the saving grace. Service was below par, I'd give a one- maybe. We sat down around 5:30 on the patio. It's a Tuesday night so as you can imagine it wasn't too busy. We ordered our drinks, and threw in an appetizer (jalapeno poppers). After we received our drinks our waitress literally disappeared. We finished our drinks, and still nothing from our waitress- I'd say we were sitting for about a half hour before she came back, she said she'd grab us more drinks but never asked if we were ready to order so my husband told her we wanted to get some dinner, she looked confused but took our order. She then returned with our drinks, but still no jalapeo poppers. About another 15 minutes went by and then another waitress came out with our dinner, and our jalapeo poppers. My husband also ordered a side salad which didn't come out, and the waitress asked if he still wanted it since it didn't make it to the table. He decided to skip the salad since he probably wouldn't see it for another half hour. Overall the food was good but we would have loved to enjoy the poppers and then gotten our dinner. We couldn't really enjoy them since it all came out at the same time. We were excited to try this place and gave it a chance but next time we will listen to the reviews.
Usually we love it here but tonight we are very disappointed. We ordered pizza and popcorn before the movie even started, we asked twice if it was coming out and we were told that they were very busy. I can understand that but how hard is it to make popcorn? We finally got the pizza with about thirty minutes left of the movie. We never received the popcorn, yet it was still on our bill and we had to ask to have it removed. Overall we were really disappointed and will probably think twice before heading here again.
Ordered pizza tonight at 7pm. It is now 9:05 and the pizza still hasn't been delivered. On top of that every time I try to call the store they hang up on me. Corporate needs to get involved with this location.
I can't believe its not chicken...For those of you to afraid to try veggiterrean food because you need your meat, and you love the taste, well fear not, Chu chai to the rescue.Cut tofu and marinate it to appear and taste like chicken and shrimp. Fried banana was divine. Fried mushrooms and peanut dumplings scrumptious. Bring your own wine makes it an easy choice, make this place affordable. Bring a date, hmmm perhaps, but its very casual, so save it for someone you feel comfortable. There is a 2nd side to the resto, which is not a byow, and a little more intimate.
My name is Christine and I am a 45 year old female. Just completed the first week at Red Mountain on the rm3 program. I was unable to use appetite suppressants due to other health issues so I am doing this without a crutch. I considered my start day to be the day after loading since, in my opinion, eating like a pig for two days did not constitute a new diet change. It has been very difficult at times but after just one week I feel like I am adjusting to a new healthy life and getting used to eating this way after being overweight most of my life. I have tried many many diets and could never stick with any of them. It was often difficult to stay with diet plans after working hard for a week and only losing one or two pounds. Right now I am very shocked. I started at 220 and weighed in today at 211 after 1 week. 9 pounds! I do realize some of this may be water weight but I have never come even close to this on any other plan and it is very motivating! I was somewhat skeptical starting this plan even after seeing other clients results. Often diet and exercise programs use atypical results to sell their program. I figured I would not be one of those people. I have never been one of those people who has been an outstanding achiever on any diet plan... Or any achiever for that matter. I am just a regular person struggling with weight like so many others and I am so shocked that I lost this much weight in the first week! Needless to say I am charging into the second week with great enthusiasm. Can't wait to report when I am under 200 pounds! And again no Phentermine used.
Had the poached eggs and mushrooms here - not too bad. Pretty good dish. The place is quaint and good for a pleasant conversation. Overall good impression, might be a little on the pricey side though.
3 stars because of the location. Right in the middle of the strip! Wish the hotel had more food options, but what is offered is not bad. Room could have been better. Air conditioner was extremely loud and would wake us up. Also, elevators stopped working. Only 4 out of the 8 were working. Had to wait 10-15 mins and couldn't use emergency exit stairs. Go pool is nice and fun. Drinks are pricey but the fee is free for hotel guests to get in.
I had a good breakfast here, friendly service, convenient location, and hearty food. Try the omelets with Lyonnaise style potatoes on the side. I liked their potatoes, also I could not stop eating the warm toasted buttered toast here. I cannot really say what was unique about this place, but good value for the price for sure. I'd stop here again and try other dishes.
We booked this hotel as a package deal from another website paired up with a Military Tattoo show tickets. I wanted to stay at George hotel, but booking just the hotel via hotel website was very pricey and also tattoo ticket was sold out the day we wanted to go. So, buying this package was a great deal as we got a better price for the hotel and also was able to purchase the sold out tattoo tickets. This hotel was very classy and comfortable. Room was very plush, love the high thread count sheets and the bathroom was spacious and very clean. When we checked in, we had a choice of the room in the front or toward the back. The receptionist told us that if we like quieter environment we should chose the back room as the street gets noisy at night as there are many dance clubs and restaurants etc. Thanks for that advice we had a very quiet room and good night sleep.Breakfast buffet at this hotel was amazing. Quality of the food and choices of the food we got was excellent! Haggis, blood putting, eggs, bacon, cheeses, cold ham, sausage, pancake, waffles, pasties, juices, cereal... you name it, it's there.   We had a rental car and it was very hard to find a parking on George street, near impossible. Driving an unfamiliar rental car on the wrong side of the street through unfamiliar road, looking for a open parking space was like juggling triplets and trying to cook and change diapers and answer the phone at the same time! Very difficult. We tried to ask  if we can double park and bring in the luggage after checking out, but the bell boy was never around and concierge was not helpful at all. So, good luck finding a parking spot and don't move your car if you got a good spot.
I should have read other reviews before we stopped by for dinner... but after a show at Bell Centre, we were hungry and cold, looking for a warm place to sit down and eat. Coming up the Peel, we found this place on our way back to our hotel. Food and service was okay, but same as all other reviews, price was very expensive for what we got. This was the most expensive meal we had in Montreal, and the quality was disappointing. Try other places before you stop here, unless you want to pay a lot of money for mediocre food.
This place serves one of the best pub dinner that we had while we were in Scotland. We kept talking what a great food we had while we were travelling through Scotland for 3 weeks! It was that good. Situated right on the Royal Mile, this place gets packed with pub customer (downstairs) and the restaurant (upstairs). The line for the restaurant was pretty long but it worth a wait. We started from skink with smoked hadduck - a very traditional Scottish soup. It was very creamy and hearty. Lovely flavor and very filling. Also tried Haggis with Neeps and Tatties (appetizer) - haggis with mashed potato and melted cheese all over it. It was our first haggis experience and it was GOOD! I was surprised haggis was this good (as mostly people makes face as they talk about haggis!). We had Scottish salmon and shrimp salad and fish cake salad for dinner. Scottish salmon was swimming out of my dish as it was fresh and plenty of it. Fish cake was also very tasty - moist inside but crunchy outside. Salad was very big and with 2 appetisers we had, we were more than stuffed after our very delicious Scottish dinner. Although the restaurant was very busy and packed, service was very good. We needed to wait for the soup for a while but the our server was very friendly and I could see that she was trying really hard to find out what was going on in the kitchen. Great service, personable and very warm. We enjoyed dining here.
They don't waste anything... they serve every parts that could be eaten out of pigs. We went here for my birthday dinner and it was pretty interesting.We had pickles pig tongue, Bison tongue and blue cheese and Apple salad for appetizer. Pickled tongue was not my favorite but bison was pretty good. Loved the salad.I had the pork chop which was tender and delish, and my husband had a special dish which was pretty much was the pig's leg - pig knuckles, pig shank, meatballs with potatoes and some veggies on the side. It looked like a hearty dish and our French Canadian friend said he had this kind of dish at home growing up. Make sure to make a reservation. We called one month ahead and they gave us a choice of 5pm or 9pm... popular place. Worth trying at least once, I liked the casual ambiance, but very snug seating. Bathroom situation was odd for the size of the restaurant... one unisex stool with 3 faucet...?
I came here for breakfast with our friend's family's recommendation. Overall the food was okay and service was pretty good. I ordered the Victorian Crapes with strawberries and Nutella. Again food was good but I felt hungry after finishing my dish. Wish I ordered extra crape. My friend's Benedict looked more filling, she liked it okay but not the best, she said. It was good place for us to have breakfast that day as place was pretty empty so we were able to stay as long as we wanted, without being rushed.
For the price we paid and what we got? 2.5 stars the most. We chose Royal British Hotel for its location - right across from the train station that we were arriving in the late afternoon via train and didn't wanted to walk far dragging our luggage behind. We needed to stay just one night as we had reservation with other hotel from the next night. Our room was on the 4th floor. Got into an elevator and it only went to the 3rd floor. Then there was really small awkward stairs leading up to the 4th floor. It was like the 4th floor was just an add on to the hotel.... Our room was an attic. Very tightly designed room with 2 shades that were half broken and a view from the window was roof top of our hotel and there were old furniture and trash shoved on the corner and cigarette butts. Great...Thank goodness we had a better hotel booked from the next day but if I had to stay here for a week, I'd be checking out after 2 nights the most. Maybe it is a good hotel to stay for a short time for its convenient location, but there are tons other hotels that makes you feel like you are in Edinburgh not your grandma's old attic, so go look for those ones.
This is by far one of my favorite ballparks ever, and I have been to many. I'm from Chicago and I'm a die hard White Sox fan. When I found out I was off work for the Sox vs Indians away series last summer I knew I had to go. It was another ballpark on my checklist and only a 4 hour drive away! The first game I went to said it all. It was overcast and drizzling and I hoped the game would still go on. I walked around the ballpark for about an hour before the game, just checking things out and grabbing my pressed penny (I try and get one from every ballpark). Anyhow, I stopped at the bar in the outfield and it was decently priced for a ballpark bar, but I liked that it was outdoors, with some sections still covered, which was perfect under the current weather conditions. Not only that, but they offered a vast variety of drinks including frozen blend drinks which is not often found at ballparks. I was compelled to order one, just because it was nice to drink something other than beer ;) One sip and I was smiling, D-lish and pretty strong!  I continued on my tour, which brought me to the "heritage park" It was completely breathtaking and unique, giving props to all the greats that played there, even the ones that were no longer with the club. I finished my drink and proceeded to find something to eat before heading to my seat. I ordered a hot dog and nachos. Yumm!! The nachos had two sections of cheese rather than just one. Other ballparks often leave you with lots of chips left and nothing to dip them in. I know it sounds trivial, but it's those little things that make a difference in ballparks. It only got better from there, the condiment stand was overflowing with fun additions for my food. Not only was there all the regular stuff for my dog, there was also Cleveland's brown mustard. Though I'm not really a big mustard fan, after all the hype I had to try it. . . It was great! Who knew mustard could be this good?!?! Not only that but there was a plethora of popcorn sprinklings: chedder cheese, butter, white cheese, and many others. I thought it was such a great idea to sell plain popcorn and let people flavor to taste and not be limited to just movie theater "butter" and salt. I found the section I was sitting in and as I approached the usher he asked for my ticket. I showed him but rather than just waving me through he actually walked me down to my seat and even wiped it down for me (it was wet from the rain). I thought maybe this was just because I'm a decent looking girl, but each trip I made between innings was followed by this same action by each different usher. It was wonderful and bizarre. I had never been to a ballpark where the ushers did that for you. I'm used to carrying napkins to dry my seat before sitting (if it's raining). Again, the little things go a long way. Despite the fact that I was in enemy territory (decked out in White Sox gear), the people were all incredibly nice and we exchanged wit-full banter through-out the game. I was surrounded by Indian's fans, but rather than the normal animosity I get for being an enemy fan I ended up making some new friends and we spent the game mocking each others players and our own. By the seventh inning stretch we were sharing food and taking turns making beer runs =) Even the mascot tried to steal me away from my seat and tried to convert me to an Indian's fan.The sky cleared and the rest of the game turned out beautiful. I don't even remember who won or lost, but it didn't matter. I had an amazing time and can't wait to return to this gorgeous ballpark!
It's not a secret that I'm a huge sushi snob. If it's not super fresh, I'm not happy.This place is fantastic! The decor if fun and funky and so are their drinks. Don't get me wrong, we clearly did not go here for the drinks, but they were a definite added bonus. Try the one with the Guava it will blow your mind. Right when you enter there is a bar that you can sit and drink at or you can get seated and the tables are classy and comfortable. There's a little private party section and a massive alcohol selection. The wait staff were on top of their game and not at all pretentious.I loved that this place is open incredibly late, getting fresh sushi at midnight on a Tuesday was not a problem. Everything we ate was really simple and tasty. The shi-take mushroom skewers were pleasantly surprising and the salmon fell apart in my mouth before I had the chance to chew.  They had a few basic rolls that were normal priced, but overall it was a little pricey. However, it's expected in Vegas and worth every penny.
I run two companies relying on quality and efficient printing, sometimes mailing.  #OvernightPrints used to be EXCELLENT! But my last year has been DISMAL with poster printing off-set, missed promised deadlines, and impossible to reach customer service. My current order has been in queue for a week now -- a time sensitive postcard mailer that we needed to hit the ground today. It still reads In Queue for Printing. As a fundraiser, missing deadlines due to a printer is costly and unprofessional. My repeated attempts to contact them via Chat, Email, and their toll-free line are met with longer periods, 30 minutes and longer, of hold time, unreeled to emails, and Chats that time out, It's only getting worse the savings no longer rewards the patience. My time is valuable to me and those depending on me. Apparently not Overnight Prints, though. First time in ten years that I'm considering moving our "VIP Customer" status to another company.  #wolfcenter #owlbrand #wolfeducationandresearchcenter, #owlbranddiscoverykits #kidwings
Lousy food. Poor slow service. Overpriced. Lousy attitude when asking if you have any beee or food specials?  Just overall joke of a place to go grab a beer and some appetizers with friends UNLESS of course you like getting ripped off and dealling with crappy attitude fromThe staff that still expects a TIP for doing nothing other than giving you stupid looks snd dumb answers...  Hey Rockys!!  Wanna tip?  Get some customer service skills and then maybe you'll EARN a tip since THATS HOW IT WORKS!!   Won't be back and if you're smart you'llGo elsewhere also.  Good luck.
Great service. Friendly staff as always. Never have any problems when coming to this store. Will continue to bring my business here and tell others when needed.
Good food excellent service would recommend everyone to go there. You do need a reservation if you have a big party.
The best spa I had ever been.  Excellent service, outstanding view, pools. Beautiful decor in Moroccan style. Pool area is very relaxing.
Nice store, excellent service, she was very helpful, the best service in Arizona. Love the products. Recommended this location to everyone.
This is my favorite workout and something I consistently crave! Jenny & Jake and the whole crew kill it on the bike and I leave sweaty & exhausted yet so full of energy. I love the high energy and music in a group environment where you feel free to take your own adjustments as needed. Get in on their package deals - you won't regret it! #partyonabike
Jace did a bomb job with my hair! She has such a sweet personality and it was so much fun getting my hair done by her!
What an amazing weekend at The Cosmo..the hotel is centrally located with tons of amenities, great restaurants, pools and best of all great bartenders! The best bar at the Cosmo is right at the entrance, it's a great spot for rendezvous. I sat there last Saturday for almost 4 hours drink amazing and delicious cocktails made by the hottest and cutest bartender in Las Vegas, William Rios, this bartender is by the far the greatest bartender I have ever encountered. He was so friendly, approachable, fun and entertaining...what else could you ask for in a bartender. He truly made my night. William Rios I give you 5 starts for service, knowledge, looks and sex appeal! Keep up the good work!
In a Vietnamese pho restaurant, the key things are to get quantity and quality at a good price. At Pho An, you get one of those - quality.Undeniably, the food is better than the average pho restaurant. It looks fresher and it tastes better. The egg quiche looks like it was recently made and not from three days ago. The beef briskets in pho soup are nice cuts, and so on.The quantity disappoints and the price is heftier than the average pho restaurant. A rice dish with pork chop is close to $12, and leaves one hungry. Specialty drinks start at $5.Based on food alone, this place rates 4 or 5 stars, but value wise it gets knocked down for quantity and price.Overall, if you like pho, and money isn't a consideration, this is the place you want to eat at.
Great family style diner with excellent wait staff. Large breakfast menu and great place for brunch on weekends or lunch on weekdays. Tried the California eggs benedict, and this is great with the avocado. Highly recommend the burgers as well as the patties are "home made" and tastes quite good.Rate as four stars only because of the inconsistent quality of food at dinner service. But all things considered, a go to place for a great meal.
We dined in and were the only dine in customers at that time. It was also later in the dinner service so the "rush hour" was over. So, we expected service to be fairly quick. But it was not.It took over 20 minutes to just take the order, another 30 minutes for food to arrive. Basic cutlery wasn't provided, and a simple request for plates took five minutes.The sushi itself was subpar. The cuts were thin, and many of the sushi were made like a child would make them.I love sushi but this was probably one of the worst we've been to for a while.
I'm totally surprised that many people dislike this restaurant. But I've never had dimsum there, and always had dinner there.Dinner is great there. The food is prepared well, very tasty and the ingredients are fresh. And best of all, the price is fantastic.We can have a family dinner there, order 10 dishes, including lobster, peking duck and fish, and the total comes to under $200.Each dish is very good, there's are not very many dishes that are considered bad. Veggie dishes are cooked to perfection. For example, its easy to overcook snow pea leafs or have it stringy. But not only do they cook it to perfection, they add abalone mushrooms. Terrific.The duck may not be as good as say Chung King, but every other dish outshines that restaurant.Overall, it's great value for great food.
I recommend that anyone wishing to go order the duck only. It's the only dish on the menu I was not revolted by. We had a set course meal and virtually every dish was awful, overcooked, bad ingredients or all of the above. It's hard to mess up the second course duck dish with lettuce wraps. They accomplished it. The soup was awful. The opening dish served cold was excruciating. The beef dish was like Taco Bell beef - where's the beef! The fish tasted like it was 2 weeks old and drowned in some sauce - thank god for the sauce because it masked the taste. The fried rice was worse than food court fried rice. Honestly, I can cook a better fried rice.Here's how bad the fish was - no one ate it. Everyone tasted it. Spit it out. No one ate it.On top of that, the entire meal was $250 after tax and tips. For that amount of money, you could have had a far better meal at say Honey and Garlic or Keung's Delight, and far cheaper. Sorry to say, but out of the entire group of us there (8 in total), we are unanimous in saying it was the worst restaurant we've been to.
Tried this restaurant based on the four stars from Yelp, and all I can say is "I pity the fools who thinks this is a four star place to eat"The food was mediocre and the service nonexistent. Had to ask five times to get a plate and utensils. The only good thing is the somewhat cheap price although I wouldn't pay for this no matter how cheap.To top it off, when going to the washroom in the basement, the staff stores the raw dumpling filling uncovered and not refrigerated. I give this place two stars but think that's generous. If you really want a good dumpling place, try Ding Tai Fung in Markham.
Sushi resto in Aurora? I had low expectations and discounted the rave reviews as being provided by folks who never had good sushi. All I can say is... I was wrong. This place has great food, great service and at reasonable prices. I ordered the sushi and udon combo, and its great value for great food.Without doubt, this is the best sushi resto in Aurora, and its probably the best in all of the Toronto area.
We were new to the area, decided to check this place out and it rocks! Foods good and so is the service! Ashley was our server was super friendly and fun and made us feel welcome! We will definitely be back!
We went on a night helicopter ride over the Vegas Strip, and guys at 702 made it an unforgettable experience. From the time we arrived to the moment we landed, everyone was friendly and welcoming. The helicopter ride itself was smooth. Our pilot was friendly and knowledgeable. He answered every question we had and he gave us a heads up every time a great photo opportunity was near. I highly recommend using this company for night tours of the Vegas Strip.
We are frequent diners in the Madison resturant scene. Had not eaten at Harvest for 5-6 years. So incredibly disappointed. Starters, salads and a soup were all wonderful. Three of our four main courses were inedible. The pork which came highly recommended was so tough we ate 10% .  The hangers steak ordered medium had to be sent back it was so rare. Even when replaced it was still very rare.  Never offered dessert or coffee. Both when we arrived and left there was no greeting from servers or host.  I truly feel we wasted $300 and a precious evening in our beloved Madison. We had a family wedding receptions at Harvest 10 years ago and everything was fabulous. How far they have fallen!
Shake Shack does it right! The burger is delicious. The fries remained crispy despite my hike back to my hotel. I could eat here everyday while I'm in Vegas!
After reading all of the reviews about the overpriced admission, I actually considered skipping Casa Loma on my weekend trip to Toronto.  I am glad that I did not skip.  In fact, I would argue that the entry fee is more than fair for what Casa Loma has to offer.  I cannot imagine what it costs to maintain the castle and the cheery staff.  The rooms are lavishly furnished with era-appropriate (maybe original) pieces, but is sparkling clean.  The gardens are impeccably manicured.  With so many windows and natural lighting, Casa Loma is a bastion of photo opportunities.  Photography is permitted.  I encourage you to go wearing something sharp and with some creative poses in your arsenal, because you will likely your next capturing your next profile picture at Casa Loma.
I ordered delivery, so I cannot comment on the restaurant venue or the service.Cleveland is low on vegan restaurants, so Helio Terra is an assett to the local culinary scene.  I tried:The cashew cheese dip - has a thick-hummus like texture, but it tastes delicious.  It could easily double as a spread due to the thickness.  It doesn't quite pass as a non-vegan cheese dip, as the flavor is both nut-like and cheese-like.  However, I found it as delicious as any non-vegan cheese dip/spread.The sweet potato burger - I was a little disappointed in the patty.  It was not as sweet as I had hoped and I could not quite place the flavor.  The flatbread, spread, and sprouts that accompany the patty were delightful and would make a great sandwich on their own.Creamy zucchini pasta - Definitely a healthy and dairy free alternative to alfredo pasta.  Don't expect the zucchini to have the texture of pasta, because...it's not pasta.  But if you are looking to satisfy a craving, this dish will do the trick.I also appreciated the good packing of the food for delivery.
I've had neck and shoulder issues for the past 15 years. As a result, my neck and shoulders were always stiff and I started feeling this intense pain in my neck and shoulders that wouldn't go away. I was also getting weekly headaches/migraine from the pressure in my neck and my tensed overworked neck muscles. I started seeing conventional chiropractors and although the cracking helped, the relief was temporary and it would last about a week (at most). I kept going back and getting adjusted with little to no improvement. It became this endless cycle for about 4 years until I discovered NUCCA. I was referred to Dr. Wheatley by another doctor and the rest is history! Dr. Wheatley is AMAZING! He's caring, patient, positive, and great at what he does!  He genuinely listens and responds to my questions and concerns. He gets really excited talking about NUCCA and you can tell that he loves what he does. I can say, without a doubt, that I feel like a normal person again!  I'm in little to no pain and the headaches/migraines are very few and far in between. Dr. Wheatley is highly skilled and one of the best chiropractors I've been to! I highly recommend Dr. Wheatley and have recommended him to my family and friends!
I would like to thank Scotty for helping me select 15 trees for my yard on September 30, 2017. The trees have been planted now and look even better than I had hoped.
This was such a cool place. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was great.I was disappointed when they were out of the lobster roll I ordered but everything else was good! Will recommend to friends next time they are in the area.
Love the food here if you can get it. Waited 15 minutes for a table - to be expected on a Sunday morning. Waited around an hour to get food- never came. Asked waiter to check on order. 5 minutes later still hadn't heard anything. Should have been offered a beer or something. Just sat and stared at my empty table with no explanation. Even though I like the food, probably won't return. Too many other options.
Came here again with my wife on Sunday June 14.. We have eaten there before and I was just so-so on the food.. Well today I am a little more than pleased.. I had the Demi-Bfast again.. This time with the Turkey-Maple sausage.. The sausage is very good and flavorful..  My wife had the American bfast, the potatoes were very tasty today.. I ended up getting a Chocolate Truffle Cookie... WHOA. very chocoy and soft.. My wife had the Chocolate Chip cook loaded with chippies.. The owner Kierstan (sorry if I spelled it wrong, I gave you my business card-Jason L. Photography) was very nice, stopped by the table a couple times to ask how we were doing, if the food was good and just be nice!!Now I overheard her (Kierstan)  asking another table if they had visited the bathrooms ( I was like hmmm that's and odd question).. Well EVERYONE must visit the bathrooms here.. I ended up in the Vespa bathroom.. There is a bathroom with recipes written on the walls, one that is mostly black & red, with pics of tattoos people... Just check them out!!She was talking about the pizzas and suggested the "white" pizza next time. We will try this place for dinner I want to try a burger since she said her husband did the burgers over at DLUX in Phoenix... Anyone who reads this, WHY stand and wait for up to 1 hour at The Farmhouse next door? Their food is over priced and mainly average fare at best.. They would rather focus on volume than focus on quality.. Maybe they are 1 step above IHOP!!! Go next door to Liberty Market.. MUCH BETTER and less expensive!!
Dined here for the first time on 5-26 with my wife & daughter. My mother-in-law said we should try it and we are glad we did. I ordered a Bean Tostada and a Ground Beef Taco. The taco first. It was Crispy, Crunchy and lots of flavor, loaded up right. Only negative was it fell apart as soon as you took your first bite. No worries though, nothing a fork couldn't handle.. Now on to the Bean Tostada. One of the best I have had in years. It was a thinish shell, yet supportive enough for the all the goodies on top. The beans are way flavorful as well. We also ordered a Fry Bread sans the Honey.. WHOA Nelly. NOT your ordinary Fry bread. Most fry bread is a greasy lump. However here that is not the case. Light, Fluffy and just the right amount of Powered Sugar on top. I will be back as well. A hidden gem, without signage (which is 100% ok with me), so the "hipsters, wannabees, and doofus'" stay away and don't ruin this place, like they do with most places in Gilbert/Chandler.
One of the BEST buffets of all time. The food is always fresh. I like the omelet/egg bar. You can get scrambled with whatever he has. I get mine with onions & cheese.. They usually have bacon & sausage as well as french toast. They also have a nice fresh fruit tray, cheese & crackers as well as some different breads. On the hot side they have a prime roast most of the time, with some other hot items as well. The desert bar is nice as well. The lemon cake is moist, flavorful and a nice way to cap off a great meal.. Most of the time they have chocolate covered strawberries.  The staff are always nice and alert and friendly. The best $20 you'll spend in a long time. Dinner is also a excellent choice. I suggest the lamb chops!
Better than Subway which is CRAP.. Subway's food isn't "fresh" its pre-frozen. Goodcents at least slices the meats and cheeses in front of you. And their breads are baked fresh and don't taste chemically like subways junk.I like the whole with Ham and Provo.. Also a cup of broccoli and cheese soup is good, sometimes, this location seems to "water-down" the soup and some of the staff seem like tokers! I would prefer to go here any day over subway, which tastes like its been run over with a subway.
Ate at the Farmhouse on Sunday November 2nd, 2008.. I ordered 1 wheat pancake, and 1 buttermilk pancake (decent enough) with Bacon (dried out) and 1 over-easy egg (cooked perfectly).. The food was ok, not out of this world. I prefer Brunchies in downtown Chandler off of Boston and Arizona or  LIBERTY MARKET right next door!!The only problem with the meal was that the bacon was dried out. It was very fragile. Not sure if this is the norm, but not edible.After eating at Liberty Market I have determined it to be much better than this mediocre fare from The Farmhouse.. To have to wait for up to 1 hour for this food isn't worth the wait.. I suspect they prefer more about the volume of sheep that come through the door to eat their food, than the quality of food they serve. They cram you in like sardines and serve you over cooked food.. 1, just one overcooked item on ANY plate ruins the entire dining experience! I won't be back!
Every Word is 100% true. I called on 10-30-2013 spoke with Kaylee and made an appointment for Nov 12, @ 1pm. I have Medicare and Tricare for Life. I am a 100% disabled Gulf War era Veteran. I was advised by Kaylee that Tricare Members need prior authorization to be seen. True, ONLY  Regular Tricare members need prior authorization, Tricare for Life members do NOT need any prior authorization to see a specialist. I called Tricare for Life @ 866-773-0404 after speaking with Kaylee to verify her statements. I was informed by the service agent @ the Tricare for Life service center that NO prior authorizations are needed for Tricare for Life members to see a specialist. Well on 10-31-2013, Kaylee called back and left a voice message saying that Tricare needed to send a letter to say its ok for me to be seen. Never EVER have I ever needed any prior authorization to see a specialist. I have seen a Neurologist, Head & Neck surgeon (had a C4-C5 fusion) didn't need prior authorization for any of it. Try having a conversation with the billing office is a pleasure. They are rude, mean and give you misinformation about YOUR own health insurance, then she starts to argue with me about what I said about MY statement about why NO authorization is needed. Requiring someone to get an authorization that is not federal mandated under that persons health coverage is a major conflict with your office policies and Tricare for Life regulations!!
Blah Blah..Where do I begin?? Well lets start off with the basics. This used to be a Bravi Pizza joint on the Northwest corner of Germann & Gilbert just off the SanTan 202 loop... AS for the food.. My wife and I ordered the "combo" app.. It had Zukes, Mozz Cheese sticks and Onion Rings.. Not bad, interesting flavors of batter. Served with ranch. Oh they served some sort of bread thing with a little garlic or something.. Stale and cold. The only thing that was warm was the marinara.. We ordered a 14" pizza with pepperoni.. The umm pizza showed up GREASY.. Above and below.. Sauce or crust or cheese or roni's were salty, or all the above. The crust had a flavor of garlic butter, at least we think it did.I hate to give 1 star for my first time ever at a SNY, but next time we will go to Patsy Grimaldi's instead and stick with REAL pizza! We won't be going back anytime ever!
My daughter has attended The Goddard School for 8 months now, and we could not be happier to have found such a caring and fun environment for our little girl. My wife and I toured three other schools in the area, and we know we made the right choice.Staff- Really, this is probably the most important aspect for us. Our daughter is treated so well by the teachers, and the front office staff is very welcoming and helpful. The staff are nurturing and patient, and they genuinely seem happy to be at work each day. They also have a low teacher:child ratio.Curriculum- They offer sign language and Mandarin, as well as the building blocks of learning such as reading, writing, math, etc. Facility- The building is very clean, easy to access, and parking is ample. The classrooms are alive with student artwork and happy students engaged in learning through play.A few extras: Unlike some other area preschools, we have the option of bringing our own food or purchasing the catered lunch options. This is a great benefit for us because our daughter has some dietary restrictions so we appreciate that flexibility.The playground is much nicer than others we have seen. It is safe and clean, and the kids have a blast playing outside when weather permits. During the summer months, when it is too hot be outside much of the day, they have 'water' days which mean varied activities depending on the age group.
My Wife and I dined at Cork on March 15, 2009 and this time it was for 1 year anniversary. I called earlier in the week to make a reservation and informed them it was our anniversary. When we arrived we were greeted by a friendly hostess who sat us right away. When we sat down they presented a menu to us that said " Happy 1st Anniversary Jason & Meg" ... Such a great personal touch. For an App we ordered the Lion Paw Scallop & Braised Short Rib with Polenta fry and Wilted Spinach. We also ordered salads I had the Baby Iceberg Lettuce salad.. she had the Organic green salad that has spiced caramel popcorn on top. For dinner she had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken and I had the Grilled Organic Oregon Lamb Chop...  The plates are small portions and just enough for a single person without feeling stuffed.I would not hesitate to recommend anyone Cork. Their service and friendliness are top notch.. Please try a local non chain restaurant like Cork in Chandler.. You will be surprised and delighted!
Beef or Chicken. Corn or Flour. Beans, Onions and home-made salsa. Nothing compares to it, and nothing beats it. The chicken is  flavorful, but, I wish I knew what they put on the steak for seasoning, because it happens to be my favorite..Don't go around 12pm-1pm during the week, they have busy lunch crowds from Chase across the street and lots of local government workers as well.  Be prepared to wait 10 to 15 minutes for the food to be delivered to the table, as it is cooking over a wood fire in the kitchen, YES wood fired meat products!!!If its broken, don't fix it. If you are looking for something more than what they have to offer, walk out the door, there are plenty of options in and around El Pollo Loco. I like the fact they only take cash or checks. This option does put people off, but hey, at least they aren't beholden to any credit company. Now if they only offered bottled Coke.. But HQ next door has them, so no worries.
OK so its simple, just subs. No soups, No salads. I like the #1 Pepe.. The meats are fresh, so are the other fixins. This is a no fuss sandwich joint. For those of you complaining, go spend $10-$12 for a "real roast beef" sandwich elsewhere. This is as good as it gets in the Tempe area or any area. Most places have frozen meats (Its a underground "tube" like restaurant) I'm referring to! The chips are good, I like the BBQ ones. The bread is uber fresh. If you want the hassle eat elsewhere. When I'm hungry and want good fresh eats, JJ's is the place! PS Jimmy John, Chandler could use one, either San Tan Village, Chandler Fashion Mall or at Gilbert Crossing at Gilbert & the 202 (san tan)
I'll take my steak with onion and Provolone, the only way a steak sandwich should be made.. If you like "wiz", someone should wiz on your sandwich.. Talk about a fake cheese product..I like the onion rings over the fries. Sure you can go somewhere else to get a steak sandwich for less, but $10 for a combo is a good deal. Its not a $5 footlong (icky)They serve Coke products the only way to go!
I have dined here a couple times.. I first took my wife there in late November for a birthday lunch after a trip the Phx Art Museum. I had stopped by there previously to pick-up some of the coconut cupcakes made by Tammy Coe also located in the same center.. Anyways, I tried the BLT with avocado and some fresh fruit. Very good, bacon is crispy and the sourdough is great.. If your looking for a good small wine selection, check it out. I like they have some hard to find Shiraz which normally retail for $20-$30 bux elsewhere!The cupcakes are all very good.. I like the red velvet and the coconut..
Now why would anyone say this is just "YC's" only more expensive?Lets see, YC's has frozen shaved beef, pork, chicken and fish.. GG has FRESH steak and beef. FRESH chicken, fish, scallopsYC's has a few vegi's to choose from. GG has at least twice as many.I have eaten there about 15 times since it has been open. So much so I have earned a "free" bowl 2 times from my frequent dinner card. I wouldn't hesitate to eat at GG anytime.. I also like that there are more choices for powered spices, as well as liquid sauces. YC's pales in comparison!!I have never had a problem with staff here and they seem friendly enough.They have Coke products which is always a must have and a plus!!Sure GG is a little more than YC's, but remember you get what you pay for!!
Dining at Ruth's Chris is always a treat.. I have dined at this local, Las Vegas, Nv for my wedding reception in March 2008, and also for a lunch as well as the San Diego harbor location for a New Years Eve Dinner..If you don't like top quality meats or haven't had them, I defy anyone to find a better steakhouse.. You are paying for the steaks which are served on their signature 500 degree plates with sizzling butter.. I always go for the NYer, a side of creamed spinach.. I have never had a bad service or had to complain about my food. Trust me, I will make my displeasure known, professionally and courteously. You always get more flies with honey than vinegar. The food at Ruth's Chris is top notch. Sorry to hear about the other reviewers birthday problem. A call to the location and a talk with the general manager would have done wonders the next day..
I stop in here about once every other week. I first discovered this place in the mid 1990's through an old friend. They have very friendly staff. The chefs are the best. I love their chicken kabob plate. I always ask for extra tomatoes and cukes on my salad. Also ask for a extra pita with a side of gyro sauce. Try dipping the chicken kabob pieces in the gyro sauce. Some people don't need "atmosphere" to enjoy really good food!! I think Haji would lose it's way if it was a place to see and been seen! Its better to just sit back, relax a little and savor the flavors. Expect about a 15-20 minute wait for that Chicken Kabob to arrive. Its never rushed and I have NEVER had to send anything back.
Ok after careful deliberation I am a fan of Tao's.. I like their Beef & Chinese Broccoli.. But my favorite is the Mongolian Beef and their BBQ Pork slices..
I have eaten here many times before, usually before a D-Backs game or a concert at the arena or Dodge Theater.. I like the Pulled pork  sandwich with baked beans and fries. Sure it seems like a typical sports bar, but the food is nothing like a Chili's, Apple Bees, etc... Its better. Its more real than that factory crap. The drinks are good, I enjoy a Mango Pina Colada on a warm day before I head to park. I hate beer and cant see spending $5.00 for some watered down piss!I like checking the out sports/music memorabilia.. I can recall a lot of the concerts I have seen everytime I visit Cooperstown..  The staff is always friendly and the food is always prepared properly. I hope to see Alice there sometime..
If you like your pizza thin and crispy, this is the place. NY Style pizza is the best. Less dough and more of the good stuff.. My wife and I prefer the pepperoni with ricotta..The Caesar salad is good.. .. Decent selection of wines.. If you are looking for pasta.. don't come here.. Pizza and ONLY pizza!!
Every word is 100% factual: Excel Air arrived @ my place today at 914am for a scheduled appointment for air Duct cleaning and a free dryer vent cleaning service. By 920am  the tech was in my house saying I have a mold problem. The problem is, he used a product called "10 Minute Mold Test. Com"  to swab 2 vents in my house. The product is a pen looking item that is made by 3M and is used for testing on FOOD production equipment, to see if the item has been cleaned properly. I Googled the name to do some research.. and the link below is what I discovered.. Shockinghttp://necal.bbb.org/article/year-long-bbb-investigation-yields-troubling-findings-in-the-air-conditioning-duct-cleaning-industry-20998Research it yourself. The tech said he needed to call to get authorization to charge me $349 for a total cleaning of my duct work. He packed up his gear and left. I wasn't charged the $49 for the service, but again they didn't do any work. Consumers need to be made aware of practices like those employed here. If someone says you have a mold problem and you can't see it. Have a 2nd opinion and call someone else. Those "10 minute Mold Test.com"  swab items can only be verified if it is sent into a lab to be properly tested for mold.
I have eaten at LCB many times.. I don't like the chain restaurants for mexican food.. I must counter the other review with the positives.Their salsa is some of the best, its fresh, homemade and a little on the black peppery side.. They serve fresh bean dip (just have to ask now) and warm chips..  I have tried the combo plates, the fajitas and the spinach and cheese enchiladas. The cheese-crisp is huge with generous amount of cheese. I ask for tomatoes on top.. I like their tostadas and crispy tacos.. I try to get a Mango rum Pina Colada which goes well with Mexican food. As for the tortillas tasting store bought, thats news to me.. I think these are far better for restaurant made than most restaurants like Chevy's who makes theirs in plain sight!If you like the chains of mexican food, Garcias, etc.. give this place a shot, you'll like it!!
My wife and I dined here for Valentines Day 2009.. Our first visit here. We have both dined at Bloom another of Fox Concepts places.. The menu for V-Day was a prix-fix... I had the Winter Squash Soup (basically was a butternut squash soup), perfectly seasoned with Chive Creme fraiche on top.. My wife enjoyed the warm Brie.. For our dinners she had the Pork Chops in merlot demi and I had the Beef tenderloin with a Green peppercorn demi.. Very good and cooked and seasoned to perfection.. The deserts is where I am negative.. I had the Boca Negra Cake which should be left of the menu.. It is a 2nd rate chocolate cake that my 4 year old nephew could do better.. It was heavy and dry and lacking in real flavor..  My wife enjoyed the Lemon Sorbet with Pistachio biscotti.. I had a glass of of the Madrigal petite Sirah.. For a $15.00 glass of wine, which was good, not outstanding, the price point should be lowered to $10.00 a glass or even $8 or $9.. $15 is too much!! My first overall impression is the food is cooked to order. Taste is great.. For the first time in awhile, I didn't reach for the S & P... We will try it again, so we can sample other offerings on the real menu.
Alright, So I do get the bean tostada. Its good. The red sauce IS warm, but it adds a nice flavor. On my first visit with my lovely wife, I tried to rolled tacos aka taquitos. They were a tad bit greasy and a little tough. We enjoy the place, just the right amount of food when you need something small!
I have partaked here many times. I dismiss the pickles in the tray that they deliver with the h2o.... What stands out for me is the LARGE amount of food you get, both at breakfast, lunch and dinner..The Pastrami.. The best in the valley. It is always moist, tender and flavorful, especially on an Onion roll and a couple slices of Provo.. The Maple Turkey sandwich is ok, but can be dry.  I also love the Jewish Penacillin aka Chicken Noodle Soup.. For Bfast I would suggest the pancakes, they are freakin HUGE and tasty. I prefer the whole wheat ones with a touch of cinnamon. I would eat there more often if they only had Coke products. Pepsi is flat and for wimps!
My wife & I ate here Jan 30th, 2010.. WHOA this place rocks.. We sat down and they came right over to ask us for drinks. She ordered a sangria martini and I a vanilla vodka screwdriver. They bring a cart around showing you the different cuts & sizes of the meats.We asked about the "Coaches 80th Bday special" 2 fillets, king crab legs, asparagus & mashed taters for both.. Plus a salad & a desert! And all for only $80.. The fillet was cooked perfectly, the asparagus had balsamic on it as well.. There was NOTHING wrong with the service or the meal. For our desert we shared a piece of 7 layer choco cake.. The service was A++ the food was top notch.. We will not hesitate to dine there again or recommend this place to anyone. Thank you for a wonderful 1st time visit!
I am definitely coming back to this salon! Both workers are very good at doing nails and seem very professional. Even though the salon may seem dirty and dusty it's still a good salon! And also this is an old salon as well so what do you expect? when I got a pedicure I loved it so much. The technicians there are very kind and their language is interesting. This has got to be one of my favorite salons so far!
I've eaten here a few times & I can say that I've never had a bad experience at this location. Very clean and staff is pleasant. I usually get the number 4 the Spicy Chicken Deluxe. Yummy! I'm a huge critic when it comes to customer service and food quality and I must say that both are great here.
Completely unimpressed. My girlfriend and I did not feel the least bit welcomed. I guess they feel customer service isn't necessary since the business is family owned? Food was mediocre. We were kind of afraid to eat it. We got pancakes, eggs and bacon. Pancakes were decent but my friend discovered old food stuck to the bottom of her plate while trying to enjoy. The man who served us looked dirty and like he didn't feel like serving. My friend accidentally spilled syrup on one of the menus and when he came to pick it up, we watched him take it to the back and show the lady working the register with a scowl on his face, looked like he mouthed something distasteful. The whole thing looked unprofessional and we were very uncomfortable. We ended up leaving with pretty much full plates. We weren't full yet..  Just didn't feel right.
Italian food is my favorite, so I decided to try a new place for lunch today. I wasn't particularly wowed by my experience but I don't see why I wouldn't revisit Rigatony's. Our waiter, Andrew was nice enough and we didn't have to wait too long to be seated and served.I ordered the spaghetti with marinara and cheese ravioli & my girlfriend took advantage of the $7.95 lunch special where she was able to get fettuccine alfredo with shrimp and broccoli. Our meals came with a delicious Antipasto salad topped with house made Italian dressing that the chefs were kind enough to make meatless for me. Yum yum yum! We finished those off well before our meals came,with delight! Ciabatta bread was also included. Very plain in my opinion. I always prefer garlic. For our drinks we ordered water w lemon. It was so refreshing. It tasted filtered which was appreciated and unexpected. The only real con was in my entree. The marinara was so sweet! I love marinara but not too sweet. Still edible but it wasn't my favorite. I doctored it up w cheese, salt and pepper which helped a bit. I guess for that, to each his own. You may love it :)Overall though, not a bad experience. Not AMAZING. But good. Thanks for reading! Hope this helps.
Never been a fan of IHOP for some reason so this place impressed me. Nice clean location & comfortable layout. Our waitress was polite & attentive. Food was fresh. I ordered pancakes, eggs w cheese & hash brown  (hash brown was a bit tough to eat, cooked too hard at the bottom but nothing major). My girlfriend ordered the sirloin steak tips with eggs and loved every second of it! I mean she bragged the entire meal lol. Overall good experience.One thing I would like to note.. After getting our pancakes we had to wait a few minutes for syrup. That always bothers me. It should come out w the pancakes. When i get my cakes I like to eat them while they are piping hot. Call me a brat but... Also, I asked another employee if they had Cholula (because obviously I needed some w my meal right?) and she just says yea and keeps walking away. I was astounded.. I mean Iknow she wasn't my waitress but she could have said, "I'll have your waitress grab that for you"... Or "Would you like me to grab you some?" I don't know, maybe I expect too much from people? Either way, I didn't like that. Funny though, when I'm about done with my meal she asks "oh, did you ever get your Cholula?" I'm thinking .. "Did you bring it????" Lol. Then no! Jk but it was definitely the end of her shift because she left shortly after that. I guess I get it.  *update:Checked in here again this afternoon. Service is so rude. Michelle was our waitress this time. Our eggs were runny. We made no big deal of it, just kindly asked for them to be remade. After all we are paying for them.. She pretended to be helpful, & like our requests were no problem but with the kitchen being open and us being seated right near it, we heard the negativity and rude comments spewed. Smh. Unnecessary. Besides the runny eggs.. Still decent food. Service has officially lost me though.
Hey guys jk. This place is terrible lol. Seriously though. Things have most definitely changed. The people in the office have changed and are very rude. It's quite ridiculous.We've had all three of our cars broken into, as well as out apartment and no one in the office cares. We've had a community peeping tom as well. The police told us that the apartment is near where a mafia lives. So maybe that's why? They've raised the rent so we definitely won't be renewing our lease especially since the manager made no attempt to compromise or even show the slightest of empathy. Her response when we tried to negotiate: "there are plenty of people that would be happy to pay the new rent"... Okay..There's a guy working in the office that shows no common courtesy. Previously we referred someone the check out the apartments and he didn't even show them an apartment, take his info, anything. I find that rather weird. They're not what they were when we first moved in that's for sure and I'm excited to be leaving soon.
Absolutely adore this place!I've already purchased so many books that I'm embarrassed to share lol.Those who know me also know that I'm a sucker for great customer service and the employees working here obviously understand what that means. They make you feel so welcomed, loved, warm and fuzzy haha. Whenever I call the book keeper to see if a book is available it always is and she is always so sweet and eager to put it on hold for me. Bookworm heaven! Used and low priced books galore! Have most definitely found my new book spot!
I mean.. Whatever to my experience today. We worked with a guy named Rhain. My phone's screen pretty much went completely out so I needed a new phone. I ended up paying a lot more than what I had planned but that's what happens with cell phone companies right? Rhain was nice. Nothing to do a backflip over but he got the job done.One thing that flared up my OCD: he put my screen protector on and left a bubble w a little speck of white dust particle under it.. It's so annoying but let him tell it "it'll work itself out". If anyone knows how please comment and let me know as that makes no sense to me & I feel like he was just trying to get me out of there & cover up his mistake. He refused to exchange out the cover as well. All in all I'm happy with my 6s plus but the 5 star rating stuff for this establishment is for the birds. (That's what attracted me to this place) . Whatever guys.
Judging Yelp photos? I am a zombie and eat brains.... does that mean I will starve at your place?
I purchased a Groupon after reading all of the great reviews! Let me tell you they definitely hold up to every word. I have seen Tammy and Debbie and they are both AMAZING! I have one more session out of six laser treatments and it looks like I don't even need it! I have now schedule more treatment for another area because of how great they are! I do not hesitate to use Luminescence for other services.
So, I should start this off by saying that I don't like Mussels and this review is for those of you who may be hesitant about going here if you don't eat Mussels. While the menu is clearly for the Mussel crowd, it's not the only thing they have. I went her with my wife and got their lunch special. I got the seafood chowder while my wife gobbled down her half-kilo of mussels (which by the way, she loved). I was very impressed by the chowder and despite not eating a single mussel, I had a very enjoyable and filling meal. They do offer some alternatives like a steak burger, if fish is not your thing, so don't worry if a friend invites you to eat here because there are options for everyone!
My wife and I chose to go to Howies for our 'fancy' dinner during our trip to Edinburgh and we had a lovely time. Part of the reason we chose Howies was because it had a reputation for making really good haggis, which neither of us had tried before. So, as you can imagine, we started off the meal with the haggis, neeps, and tatties appetizer! Overall, it was quite good, though I should mention that it is a bit spicy. It's not much spice in an individual bite, but it does build as you eat.For dinner, I got a fish course from their specials menu which was fantastic! And for dessert, my wife and I shared a chocolate and beetroot tart which was also quite good.Overall, I recommend Howies. They've got a great selection of high quality Scottish food!
We came here a few times over the course of our short trip to Edinburgh. The food was always excellent and the staff was friendly and attentive, even when it was busy.I got the blueberry stackers on one day, which were delicious though a bit too sweet. I think the outside of the pancakes were caramelized so they outside was extra sweet and crunchy and the inside was soft and chewy. Despite the fact that the sugar content was intense, I finished the whole thing because ultimately it was really tasty and filling.On another day I got the ham and cheese croissant. I wasn't expecting it to be particularly filling, but I was wrong! Not only was it delicious, I didn't feel the need to eat afterwards for quite a while.I would recommend this place to travelers and locals alike!
My wife and I went to the camera obscura on a short weekend trip. We had been to the camera obscure in Greenwich,London before, so we thought it was going to be similar. However, the experience in Edinburgh was much better!You are given a timed entrance to the camera obscura itself, which consists of a short 20 minute 'show' narrated by a live person. They explain the history of the camera obscura, the mechanics/physics of how it works, and also give some history on Edinburgh. Our narrator was engaging and informative. During our show there was a young child who was not the quietest or most cooperative, but the person running the show was extremely professional and worked towards getting the child engaged in the presentation.In addition to the show, there are 4 floors of various kinds of illusions. I don't want to ruin any of them for you, but I had a great time. I'm a neuroscientist, so often I find illusion exhibits a bit boring just because I've seen them all before, but there was plenty to see that even I hadn't come across.I highly recommend a trip to the camera obscura, especially if you have kids.
Wings does one thing. Yes, you guessed it! WINGS!And they do them very very well. My wife and stopped in here and were seated at the gamecube table. As we waited for our food, we played mario kart while Mad Max played on a giant projector behind us. If you're a gamer or into geek culture, this is a must go to place in Edinburgh.Onto the wings! The menu is basically a list of sauces. You choose your sauces and for each sauce you get 6 wings for 3.50 GBP. Between me and my wife we picked 4 flavors, including spicy, sweet, and tangy flavors. First off, the chicken wings themselves were delicious. They feel right off the bone and while it was messy, I didn't have to work hard to get the meat off the bone. Second, the sauces were all really good. Not only that, they do not skimp on the sauce. The wings are served in paper bowls and each bowl had a pool of sauce leftover after we finished the wings. I only wish we had time to get some fries to mop that up at the end.I highly recommend Wing Edinburgh for anyone who loves wings!
My wife and I stopped in here for dinner one night and had a fantastic evening.I got the scottish salmon with lemon sauce, which was cooked perfectly and the sauce was delicious (not too lemony/acidic). My wife got the WHISKI burger which came with haggis and whisky sauce! Despite it's somewhat impractical size, she managed to finish most of it and enjoyed it quite a bit. After dinner we decided to try a whisky tasting. Whiski helpfully provides a selection of whisky tasting flights to choose from on their drinks menu. This was perfect for us, since we did not have any prior experience in this area. In particular, they have a whisky flight for beginners which we shared. They flight came with four whiskys and a helpful information pamphlet describing the smells and tastes the whiskys were supposed to evoke. Trying the different whiskys with my wife was a lot of fun and stimulated some really enjoyable and amusing conversations! I would recommend Whiski for their food, but I especially would recommend coming here to try out Whisky Flight #1 if you've never tried whiskey and don't know where to start.
I had a fantastic grilled cheese here and shared a really good brownie with my wife. I'm not a big coffee drinker, but my wife is and she was raving about the coffee here. This is a great local (as far as I know) indie coffee and sandwich bar and if I live closer I would frequent here regularly.Highly recommended.
Best interest rates! Great service! Easy to work with :)
I USED to love Fatburger. The location @ Green Valley Ranch changed my mind forever (my first time trying that location). I live here in Vegas, close to Green Valley Casino. I thought it would be a nice Sunday outing -- wander through the casino and savor one of my favorite burgers. I ordered a medium burger, skinny fries, medium drink and my husband ordered a medium burger and we shared the fries and drink--the total was over $16!!!!! I wouldn't have minded the price so much if the food had been as I remembered. The burger was disgusting!!! The meat was overcooked and tasteless. The bun was crumbly dry. They didn't even get my order correct. My Fatburger days are officially over. I'm sticking with In-N-Out from now on! Someone from the Fatburger franchise operating company needs to visit this store and see the miserable product they are turning out. This location gives the entire chain a bad name. For shame!!!
Just wanted to do a quick review of this new find (new to me, at least!)  We brought our 10-year-old Cairn Terrier in today for grooming. Jennifer did a great job with her--extra kudos 'cause my dog's a total wiggle-worm with non-stop energy!  And she hadn't been groomed in 5 months--so she was really overgrown and shabby looking. Now she looks like a brand new dog! Love the care and attention they provide...and the price is right! Will have to try the self wash in between grooming sessions. Definitely recommend Classic Canine III!
#1  This was our first visit to Warm Hearts and I have to tell you how impressed we are with Dr. Ina and the entire staff. Our almost 12-year-old dog went in for a cleaning and many tooth extractions. What would have cost a fortune elsewhere was reasonably priced thanks to Dr. Ina. She worked hard for our little girl and we are extremely pleased. We'll definitely be going back--in fact, she has a follow-up appointment in 2 weeks. #2  Before our pooch had her dental surgery, Shonna bathed and groomed her. She looks beautiful! Shonna even said to bring her back in and she would touch her up. You can tell she loves dogs. We are very happy and have a pretty pup!Everyone there was extremely caring and professional. Wish we'd found them when we moved here several years ago. Better late than never! Thanks so much for everything!!!
I had such a great experience at the Cleveland Eye Clinic. I had to go in to get my yearly exam in order to purchase new contacts and they were all such a pleasure to work with. Very kind and quick to get me in and out in a timely manner.
I visited Lolitas because I purchased a Groupon as a gift for my boyfriend and myself. It took two weeks to make an appointment that worked with my schedule because I don't get out of work until 5pm and they strictly close at 7pm. My appointment was two weeks out because I wanted both of us to have our services done at the same time but there is only one nail tech so we had to be separate. Upon arrival, even though I gave the salon both of our names when I made the appointment, there was serious confusion because the nail tech could not perform any nail services on males due to her religion. Totally understandable by all means but it was an unorganized scurry to solve the problem. One of the other women there said she was able to do the mani/pedi instead but I quickly realized that she did not know what she was doing because she was asking the other nail tech what things to use! They were nice people but as far as a business goes, I will not be returning there.
I found Go Bare online while searching for a new waxing salon. I went last night for the first time and absolutely loved it! I have waxed for about 5 years now and this was definitely top 3 waxes. It was so quick and the most painless wax I've ever had. I would definitely recommend going here! Not to mention the prices are very reasonable and Marcy is very knowledgable.
Ive been several times now and every single time i get the absolute best service from Jovanny and the absolute best food! I tried the surf and turf taco combo tonight! Delicious!! And i had the watermelon margarita. Amazing. Love this place. Great staff. Great food!
Worst massage ever. She had no clue was she was doing. I was in so much pain at the end, the owner asked if it was ok. I said no i didnt enjoy that at all. So he redid w massage w a different masseuse. But damage was already done. Im still sore!!
This is our favorite spot downtown. Love fremont street and the vibe down here! Golden nugget is fun! We love the pool.  shark tank is awesome. We had the buffet at fremont casino that was way cheaper then golden nuggets.
This is my favorite spot downtown!! Not your average Mexican spot. Very unique menu. My favorite is the tostada de atun. Thin slices ahi tuna micro greens and special sauce on a tostada. Its amazing!! The bartender Gabriel is awesome! Buy him a shot of jamo!
You have to be pretty awesome or pretty horrible to get me to log on to Yelp on the plane ride home from a long conference week just to write a review. These folks are the former.They handled request after request with grace, professionalism, and just outright kindness. They greeted me with warmth every time I came in and knew me by name by the second time I stopped in. Andrea, Teresa, and the rest of the team were possibly the best part of my conference experience in Charlotte. Thanks guys!
Came to Big Wong with my family. It was the best family meal we had in Las Vegas. It's affordable, portion is decent, the flavor just took me back to my younger years in Southeast Asia. Will surely come back for their Hainan Chicken rice and their delicious lemon tea that I have to order 3 times.
Ok.....so I know nothing about what to plant or where to plant it. I gotta tell you.....this place was great. Everyone was so accommodating and helpful. I only got a giggle when I slaughtered a plant or tree name. I will definitely be back for more! BTW..... my yard is beautiful!
The technician Richie Landaverde was a pleasant surprise. He was prepared, efficient, knowledgable, hard working and delightful. Considering our past experience with L&S Air conditioning I was impressed with there improvement with scheduling and service provided.
Good food and drinks as is normal for Postino. However, we consistently had to wait to place orders for new drinks when our glasses we're empty and we're not acknowledged when we wanted food. We were given our check without being asked if we wanted it, well before closing hours. Ultimately disappointed, especially knowing what they are capable of.
I'm another Grouponer...Courtenay was the best- and totally adorable! The artwork in the waxing room is nice to look at and she played some awesome music, too. She did a very thorough job with waxing and was extremely professional while still being personable. The whole process was quick without being rushed. My eyebrows look great, too! Love love LOVE the online scheduling system. I'm awful at prebooking since my schedule is constantly changing, so being able to schedule a service relatively last minute was nice.The salon itself is cute, very clean, and nicely decorated. There is a reason for all of the positive reviews; they have earned them. I will definitely be back.
Cannot say enough great things about Joe and everyone at GearHead Auto Center. Super friendly and expeditious service. Charlie was incredible about squeezing us in at the last minute to get the AC on my VW looked at in the 120 degree summer. Just a really great family business. Will be returning for all my auto needs!
Had my first experience at SanTan on a Friday night. The food was ok, the beer was mediocre. Our server was exceptional, wish I could remember his name. I think the thing that really turned me off was how HOT it was. It was miserable trying to eat, drink and be merry while you're near sweating on a cool Arizona night. For the money you're better off going to Four Peaks where the food is incredible and the beer is tasty!
We've been here a couple of times and the service is at least somewhat adequate. Attempted to walk in around 850 for a beer after work with my fianc and were met at the front door with an abrupt "we're closed" while two other people sat at the bar. Kind of weird for a Thursday, definitely didn't leave a good taste in our mouth especially with the sign that says "open until *at least* 9pm." We weren't looking to rage by any means!The beers are ok and we love supporting local businesses, but will stick to the ones that want our patronage.
It does not get better than this.I'm not one for hot dogs, so I always opt for the chicken dog. They have some crazy combinations that are absolutley fabulous. The pita bread they use for the bun puts it above the rest. It's different for sure, but so worth the money. It's filling for sure!They feature a dog of the week sent in by customers which is pretty cool.I never thought anything gourmet could be sold out of a truck, but Short Leash proved me wrong!
This place is incredible. They have a very mellow, laid back vibe going on here. The employees are friendly and not pretentious at all (a trait I've noticed throughout old town). Cartel is a great place to hang out or study- music is chill and not too loud. Not to mention the chai is amazing. Seriously, like nothing I've had before. Definitely try it out!
I'm a smart girl, but always weary of car shops after being ripped off by reputable places in the past. These guys were great. Incredibly friendly, speedy, and efficient. They only sold me what I *really* needed versus pressuring me into replacing all 4 tires. I'll be back here the next time I need tires for sure. Plus, there's a little discount when you pay cash. Every cent counts!
Really not anything to write home about.Customer service from the front desk is subpar at best, usually a pretty long wait after your appointment. There's one guy (Jeff maybe?) that's the lead vet tech who is very friendly and knowledgeable, but overall I'm not impressed. If you're willing to make the drive, the Banfield in Chandler near Gilbert Rd and the 101 is fantastic.
This place was amazing.After suffering through too many shin splints (and being relatively certain it was because of my generic Nikes) I decided to finally drop some $$ on a good pair.Since it was Veteran's Day with only one employee working it was a little busy. However, he did a great job at circulating, meeting everyone's needs, and answering questions. I never felt rush or ignored, and he did a great job at finding me a quality pair of running shoes. He was genuinely patient and kind and seemed to care about finding the best shoe for you without any pressure.While I was walking around the store to test out these shoes I noticed some pretty cool running gear too. Sweatybandz (the most amazing headbands ever, but that's a whole different review), energy snacks, Patagonia and other nice apparel in stock. The store is clean and not intimidating at all. They do a great job at fitting for shoes and take video on their iPad to show you how you're running and how the shoes work.The gentleman helping me today also informed me about a running class they have every Tuesday to help improve posture, steps, etc. It looked like they had different classes and groups relatively often, but I'd have to look more into that.All in all it was a really fantastic experience. I highly recommend coming here for your running needs!
An adorable garden/nursery in DT Phx. They were so helpful in guiding me towards what would be best for my new little balcony garden!
I'm definitely a meat eater, but this place was all right. I had the mock chicken which wasn't bad, I just wasn't very impressed with the bowl overall.I may give it a second try one day to try something else, but there's nothing really enticing about it.
Maybe Jessica was having an off day?The building itself was easy to find. Very cute decor inside. The ability to schedule appointments online is awesome. Their hours are incredible too!The tan itself left something to be desired. The color was a little on the orange side fort liking. I had to ask her to cover certain areas that she avoided all together. After I mentioned some smudging in one area she seemed annoyed about having to fix it which made me uncomfortable about pointing out other areas I had problems with. The next day after rinsing in the shower I noticed two streaks on the inside of both of my calves that hadn't even been sprayed! I also thought drying myself off was a little weird. Tans I've gotten elsewhere the person doing it has done the drying since they know when it's done. All in all I didn't have the great experience that other Yelpers had. The prices were great, but I would be willing to pay a little more for better quality.
Location was convenient and our server was very nice. The food was just nothing to write home about. We could've gone to Ra for the same food at a cheaper price...The Spicy Tuna was very good. We decided to try something new and go with the Houston roll which was good for the first few bites and then just got...weird. Overall, the food was OK but overpriced for the quality.
The wine was great. The bar was super cute and the patio was awesome.Our service was nothing short of horrendous. Our waitress would rarely come check on us, and when she did she would walk away before we had a chance to speak. We asked for a bottle of wine then brought us glasses. After reminding her that we wanted the bottle she was reluctant to come up with a solution to her mistake. Her initial response was something to the effect of "I just filled the glasses you drank out of, so I can't take them back." After discussing it she told us that she would comp four glasses of wine and charge for the bottle. Seemed fair to us, so we were more than happy to work with her.Then came the check. Overcharged us and overcharged our friends. When I brought it to her attention she got extremely snippy and told us that she had said she would comp our NEXT four glasses of wine. Since we only had three glasses each (the two we ordered initially, then the two we had that were supposed to be the bottle rather than the four each she claimed) it didn't exactly make sense. There was no attempt to recover from her awful service, all she did was argue with us while the manager sat and watched. I'd love to try 5th and Wine on a different night, but if this server comes near our table I'm out.
It was OK.My boyfriend enjoyed his sandwich and soup, so at least there's that. I had the strawberries & cream french toast...it was pretty cold. I'd give it a second shot for the lunch fare. The location is nice and the decor was cute. The food was just nothing to write home about.
I'm usually at this location on my way to work or the on on Rural in Tempe. I've never had a bad experience at either! Wonderful drinks and everyone here is so HAPPY. They are consistently the happiest baristas I've ever seen and their drinks are incredible. I usually either just get a plain coffee (which is always great) or an Annihilator if I feel like indulging....it's awesome. Once you go to Dutch Bros you'll never long for Starbucks again.
Jodi is the best. I can't imagine going anywhere else now that I've found her! She is incredibly thorough with her cut and color and ensures that she understands exactly what you want. I've never been so happy walking out of a studio before. She is super sweet and personable too...an all around great experience! Love the online booking!
I really like it here. The food is great, love the crunchy roll and the california special, but the water always tastes weird. Like a funky, almost dirty taste. Order a diet coke or something instead. The service is all right...nothing exceptional but it's not horrendous. Good place for sushi in Chandler! Definitely go for happy hour.
You need Crossfit Blur in your life.I've always been a little lazy when it comes to my workout regimen- would go to yoga once in awhile and try to go for a jog on occasion, but could usually find something better to do. Like watch Law and Order...for a few hours. A friend of mine finally convinced me to check out Blur and I finally obliged. Being the "chubby girl" all my life, I was so intimidated to walk in and see these incredibly fit people climbing around the gym like spider monkeys. Jake and Justin made me feel at ease immediately. They scaled down the workouts into something manageable (but still ass-kicking) and working out has finally become fun and enjoyable. Even the members themselves are so nice! Everyone introduces themselves and cheers you on.Long story short, this is a great place to be! It's been just over two months and I look forward to coming here as often as possible and trying to be better than I was the day before. Justin, Jake, and the rest of the Blur crew will make you feel right at home and get you into amazing shape!
A great animal shelter that does wonderful work in the Valley. I adopted my puppy when he was 8 weeks old from AAWL. My only concern was that he fell very sick a week after we got him and the vet bill was substantial. Chances are it was an illness he picked up while at county's shelter or AAWL so it was a little frustrating. While they offer ShelterCare gift insurance it is EXTREMELY limited in what they will cover, so all of the expenses came out of pocket although both AAWL and I thought they would help out.That said, AAWL does amazing work. I would absolutely go back and adopt from them again. If you're considering getting an animal go to a shelter! They are the best dogs and you can save two lives :)
Looooved it.Everything was so cute in this place! It was nice and relaxing. I believe it was Mindy who did my pedicure...she did great. The staff was quite friendly; not at all pretentious like some Scottsdale places. They also squeezed me in for a pedicure very last minute. :)Like others said it's a bit more expensive than a strip mall salon, but well worth it for sanitary tools and higher quality products. It would be nice if they had a wider selection of colors...Essie's collection is huge! That's the only thing I can think to improve upon.
Great newer yoga studio in Mesa. Like a few other people I discovered Floating Lotus via Groupon, but even after my deal is up I'm sure I'll come back. The studio itself is beautiful. Steve is always super friendly whenever you check in and the instructors are wonderful. Floating Lotus is very welcoming and not at all pretentious like some other studios in the Valley. I look forward to them growing and expanding their class schedule!
Ahhmazing cheesesteak. Was a bit of a wait but pretty much worth it. Loved the wine selection and other grocery goodies!
Scott's smoothies are phenomenal! I've yet to try any of the monsters but I've had the banana bread and the PB&J before. They're so filling. My boyfriend loves the strawberry banana. The salads look pretty tasty; definitely on my "to try" list.Scott (the owner) has always been super friendly whenever we've gone, so I question the previous reviewers assumption. Sounds like a lot of guessing there...You won't go wrong with mojo bowl. For $5 you're getting a meal in a cup!
Rooney is quite the anxious dog, so we decided to pay Tammy a visit for some private lessons. Very, very reasonably priced. You can definitely tell that Tammy knows what she's doing (if you couldn't figure that out by her extensive background with animals) and she explains things in a way that makes sense, but doesn't make you feel like the world's worst pet owner.Within a couple of days we've already been able to correct some of Rooney's (and our own!) behavior. I'm looking forward to our next session, and am definitely going to be signing up for the group obedience training as well!
Dr. Wing and his staff are nothing short of the best. My initial consultation was a breeze and Dr. Wing was very helpful. They worked very well with me to establish a payment plan. Like Mike, I went with invisalign since the cost ended up being the same as traditional braces. I cannot say enough good things about this office. I drive all the way from Chandler/Tempe to come out here and it is worth it. If you're hunting for an orthodontist you have to check out Wing Orthodontics!
Called to set up appointment for pool price quote.  Larry the owner answered said he would have his son Ryan call us back. Two weeks later and we still haven't herd from Ryan. Definitely not off to a good start. No follow up skills what so ever. Needless to say we're looking elsewhere. DM
I found Divine Threading on Yelp and I'm glad I did. I'm very picky when it comes to my eyebrows.  I've been to quite a few places around town and was never quite happy with how my eyebrows would turn out. I'm originally from Los Angeles and used to go to Zibas in Artesia. I must admit I thought I'd never find a great threading place in Vegas, but a week ago I went to Divine Threading and decided to give it a whirl hoping this would be "IT". Divine Threading was very clean and tidy and the staff was welcoming. Decorated very cute chic & minimalistic. I signed in and was asked if I had any preference. Typically I'd ask who is the most sought-after threader in the place but I was hesitant to ask. Since I was greeted by Sara I liked how her eyebrows looked, so I asked who threaded her eyebrows. To my luck she replied that she does her own eyebrows which was a great relief. To say the least she hadn't eaten all day and she made time to thread my eyebrows. I ABSOLUTELY LOVED how they turned out. She shaped them, didn't over thread them,  gave them their natural shape once again,  trimmed & combed those pesky ones that are always missed when threader's are in a rush. But, not Sara she did a phenomenal job and was very nice and she loves her craft.....you can so tell. Hope this helps someone in search of a great threading location.  Diana
I travel all the way from the Northwest to get my nails done here. They have great service and talented manicurists who have always made my nails come out just like I show them. I highly recommend this place and love Ann and Ivy. Their true to the latest trends both gel nail and regular manicures.
I usually don't spend the time to write reviews in general but my experience with SW Jewelry Buyers was so good I had to share it. (So people don't get ripped off by other companies)  After reading all of the great reviews on Yelp, I reached out to Eric to set up an appointment.  Making an appointment was super easy and the receptionist was very friendly.  I can confirm what everyone has said on their reviews of SW Jewelry Buyers and Eric, very friendly and most important VERY FAIR. I was afraid I was going to meet up with some weird awkward guy that was going to try and rip me off the first chance he had, but this was the total opposite.  Eric is a real honest and nice gentlemen.  He actually gave me more than what I was expecting and he did not try and low ball me at all.  Extremely fair prices, No pressure, and relaxed atmosphere.  Highly Recommend!
We loved George Street! Chris and Ryan were our photographers on our wedding day and they did an amazing job!! We couldn't have asked for anything better! I will recommend them to anyone for anything!
Went today for the first time to have brunch. The food was delicious, some of us had brunch some had lunch but all round really good food. The service was all over the place. Our main server came by only a few times and seemed super rushed and she had 3 other servers come by to help out.
the employee we interacted with was very friendly and communicative! the room we stayed in was very clean and considerably large and very cute. great rates (we paid ~$65 for one night) and great service.
coffee was fantastic and employees were friendly, but misgendered me and my friend who i came in with. definitely plan on returning but hope that there's more trans-awareness and where we don't have to worry about our genders and pronouns being assumed.
Our server, Marisol, was fantastic! Super friendly and helped us with our order and was really funny and wonderful. Manager came out and was considerably rude, which was unfortunate. But the food was great and we hope to see Marisol again when we return. Would definitely recommend!
Place is on point! Burgers are awesome. Perfectly cooked to perfection. You have to try the truffle fries! There to die for. Great selection of beers and liquor too. Staff is very friendly and great on upsells! Place is definitely worth to check out if you're in the mood for a burger.
Taco Tuesday is awesome here! Place is delicious. Great amount of beers as well. The atmosphere is great. Patron bottles as the hanging lights, the colors are great, the bartenders are hot!! Haha the outside seating is on a bank of sand which is pretty cool. Overall I enjoy this place to catch the football game or just to grab a few brews with some friends. Service lacked a little last night but it's a bar... Good bar though.
Habit is an awesome place to get a quick bite to eat. Best part is that there food is freshly made right in front of you. If your in a hurry but you don't want a greasy burger. This is the place for you. Also have assortments of chicken sandwiches and salads as well! There shakes are even better! Place is amazing and the staff is very friendly !
Went here after Christmas when they were having some deals! $10 (with a $5 coat check) to get in with free drinks all night. Awesome! The only thing I have to complain about is that I had to pay for beer.... expecting "Free Drinks All Night." But whatever. Even though all the hunky dancers were gay, I couldn't stop staring at their bods :)~ Music selection was so-so, but overall my friends and I had a great time!
great service and the food, the portions are unbelievableshared with my wife and still left over plentylate night dinner at 1AM in the casino, dirty stay outs I guess but was great
very good meal, did not have a reservation but the did find us a table.Salad my wife and I shared was not worth the money, nothing on the dish for $13Entree's were very good my wife had the chicken and I had the pork medallions which were excellentwould go back again
I have to say the best dinner we had in the week we stayed in Vegas.THe food and service were the bestHave to get a cosmo they service with dry ice, it is an experience.Waiter Paul was the best could not do enough for ushave to try the Lobster mash potatoes
came to circo before the show ar Bellagio.Told the hostess it was a special night my wife's birthday 4Th of July, she said that she would take care of itDid not have anything specialThey didi not have the branzino fish on the menu , had the salmon which was OK but disapointingwould not go back again , too stuff shirt a place .Too many better places in Vegas
Very interesting restaurant, a lot of history with this house.The service was very good and the food was OK , I felt my Grouper was a little over cooked but the balance of the meal and the person I was entertaining seemed to like her choices.Definitely would try again when I am in town
excellent food and the waiter was outstanding.was my wife's birthday July 4th and he had a great dessert with a sparkler candle in itrecommend to anyone
a must for breakfast.expect to wait at least 1/2 houryou will not belive the portions
Good place to eat some delicious and reinvented diner food. We had the chicken Caesar salad (big enough that we took the rest home and ate as leftovers) and their house burger. This was delicious! It was moist and juicy. Yum - definitely one of the top I've ever eaten. Don't know how we had room for desert but we couldn't pass up eating the apple pie ice cream sandwich. It was massive! The service was friendly and knowledgeable, the drinks left something to be desired, but the food was delicious! Bonus is their 80s music.
My husband bought a couple's massage and even though it was the last weekend of the groupon offer - the owner went out of her way to accommodate us. We greatly appreciated getting what we paid for before the expiration. The masseuses were friendly and did an excellent job at setting the appropriate couples atmosphere. We loved our messages!!
This review is for the LATE NIGHT eater. We headed here specifically because it advertised a late night menu - which is limited for those seeking good food after a late night out in Vegas. THIS is not the place to go. I can't say if the food quality is better during the day - I hope so, since I've seen this location brimming with patrons during regular hours. However, I can say that the quality of food was below any food expectations anyone can have when we visited. Everything from the apps, pizza and Caesar salad felt like it was either reheated from a pre prepared version in the kitchen or put together with the lowest of standards. I can only hope that the lack of taste and presentation is due to the restaurant's assumption that patrons at 4 am are either too drunk or too desperate to care about good food. The only reason I even give this a 1 star is because our waiter was nice, helpful and accommodating to our needs. He - not the food - get the star.
Good late night dinner special. The first hiccup is that Milos is under renovations and has relocated to Cava down the street. We booked our reservation online and are from out of town so this caused a bit of confusion before dinner. We upgraded the late night dinner special to the lobster and steak options. My plate: the lobster spaghetti was delicious. The pasta was plentiful and creamy. The lobster meat was nicely placed over the pasta and the shell was left just as decor. What a great bonus because the last thing you want to do is get all messy for your food on date night! My husband's steak, however, was very small. It tasted great but the portion size was a surprise since it comes with an extra charge. We expected much more for the extra money. Our biggest complaint has to do with our server. We were left unattended for most of our meal: water glasses and wine glasses were left empty for 10-15 minutes at a time. Even our plates were set and removed by other wait staff. Each time we needed something: bread, water or wine, my husband had to ask another server. Never mind having our server come to our table to ask about our meal! The last time my husband actually had to go to the manager standing by the bar to inform him. Constantly waiting or asking for service is very disruptive to any dinner experience. I must say that the manager gave us a glass of wine for our trouble and it was a nice gesture. Also that the experience with our waiter would've ruined our dinner if it wasn't for the rest of the wait staff. Everyone else was friendly and attentive to our table. Can't say we'll be back even though the food is delicious because we don't want to risk the same poor service. Plus the patrons are definitely older - with a few young people scattered around the restaraunt.
Good atmosphere, friendly and knowledgeable server, and great drinks. Loved the drink menu - had detailed descriptions and historical facts to go with the drink's story. Fun!Seems like a good place to come with a group, but difficult to converse with other patrons. Everyone is already there with someone and the layout of seating makes it difficult to interact with others. The bar is very limited in its space and we were ignored by the bartenders (busy making drinks - but could've paused to greet us) so we sat down after a few minutes of aimlessly standing around.Bonus is getting their house cucumber water!
I had no time to style my hair prior to my trip and I was frantically in need of a blow out for the weekend! Not knowing where to go I used Yelp as my guide. I quickly realized, after calling a few salons in my area, that the prices on the websites did not match the prices I was being quoted on the phone. Needless to say, I steered clear of these places! I picked this salon because I was able to easily see all their available times and book my appointment online. This was a great convenience. When I called to confirm my appointment the receptionist was friendly and quoted me the same price as their website. She even informed me of the final price which included the tax. The salon is beautiful and is top notch with its guest amenities. I was offered a water, tea or coffee once the receptionist took my coat. The stylist listened to my needs and did not cut corners or hurry despite my appointment lasting past closing time. I really enjoyed the perks: a personal tablet to use to read magazines or browse the Internet, plus an array of charger plugs for electronic devices in front of me. Surprisingly each styling chair/area was equipped with all the perks. Everyone was friendly and full of conversation, the products smelt great, I loved my hair style, and I was even sent a follow up email thanking me for my patronage. Can't give them a perfect score only because they were 20 min late starting my appointment. The free stylist could have at least washed my hair to save her coworker some time.
Perfect for a great lunchtime meal and deal! I can only describe the restaurant's lunchtime special as a bigger version of a Bento Box. First you pick one of the main entre options (vegetarian available) and the rest: daily appetizer, naan, rice, salad, soup and desert is included. I chose the salmon and it was moist and succulent pieces. Every part of the meal was delicious and even though the portions are not large, by the end of the meal you feel full and satisfied. This is a great way to get a taste of multiple dishes at once. The restaraunt also offers daily food and drink specials. For our visit on Thursday, we had the bottle of wine for just $29. But overall I know we will return for the good food and great service. Our waiter was kind, knowledgeable and helpful. He was courteous in his translations of French to English. This made us tourists feel very welcome.
I usually don't write reviews for night time spots, but this is a true gem. We're not from Montreal so anytime we can experience an authentic place where locals frequent is a bonus. The weekend parties do have a small cover charge ($5) but it's totally worth it. They play a variety of hip hop and the place is always packed from end to end with people. Suggestion: order a drink and make yourself at home. There are booths that everyone shares - to sit on or to throw down your coat. But the best part is that you always leave making a friend. Everyone is there to have a good time - so enjoy this unique experience!
My husband and I were looking for someone who was experienced, reasonably priced, and who could accommodate us from a different state. Shy and her team went above and beyond our expectations on our wedding day. She was incredibly easy to contact through text and email - with quick response times and callbacks if necessary. Best of all, for our needs - she didn't need a lot of guidance or feedback. She just asked us for an outline of our expectations for our day. Vegas weddings are typically chaotic since they are planned by out-of-towners, and we were not spared of last minute hiccups. Our venue wasn't ready until right before the ceremony. Shy and her team alleviated our stress by going with the flow and waiting patiently for our venue to be ready. Once ready, they went swiftly to work and took pictures of everything they knew we'd want to remember. Our videos and pictures turned out beautifully. It's amazing to think that she produced something so perfect for us without any guidance. She is truly gifted.
Came in 6/5/17 to Use a Groupon for frozen margaritas. The ladies acted like I was being a bother since I didn't order food. The margaritas were great! You must pay the tax on the deal at the restaurant, but that was about $4. Customer service was lacking so that's why I gave 3 stars.
I came here 6/5/17, and I ordered the fried Lobsicle. It was a lightly breaded lobster tail on a stick. It was so good, not greasy whatsoever. I waited until I got back to my hotel room about 20 minutes later to eat it, and it still had a refreshing taste to it. I will definitely come back here on future trips to try other menu items.
Just had the most enjoyable experience ever in a dentist office. The folks at Chandler dental care are professional, knowledgeable, and even have a sense of humor! How many times have you left a dentist office smiling to yourself!         Ken s.   Chandler
I don't know where to begin.  Had the eggs Benny the only word I can use to describe it  GROSS.  The worst eggs Benny I've ever had.  The sausage was unreal, never finished my meal.
I did not make it past the dirty glass that had the grosses egg smell.   Not sure I would eat there if the glasses are dirty.   Smell the glass
Have to totally agree with the previous reviewer who noted if you do not have the prerequisite stay away!!!! from the time you walk in you can feel the snobby atmosphere. You really don't feel welcomed.Had a facial and although it was good, I've had just as good facials at Holt Renfrew's spa and they make you feel relaxed, welcomed and at home..
Simply fantastic! Had the lamb shank special! Recommended by our server David Just delicious.  Met a friend for dinner and have to say I will definitely be back.  Great service. This place is a must try
First time trying this restaurant. Food was great.  The decor was a bit tacky, but the service was truly fantastic. I would definitely be going back. Gave an extra star for the service.
I feel obligated to update my opinion.  I am now a very loyal customer, the staff are very knowledgable and their products are top of the line
My visit to 10 spot in The Beach was fantastic.  Best facial I've ever had, the customer service is simply incredible.
The staff and facility are great! My son is in the infant class and he is always happy and content. All the teachers genuinly care for my son and treats him the way I would at home. They are very clean, follow our feeding schedule, change diapers frequently, play and sing with all the babies, and are very attentive to all babies equally. The only thing that is a bummer is that they don't provide soy formula (only milk-based formula). It would've been a nice savings for us since formula/solids are included with the monthly tuition. It's okay... I'm still very satisfied and am happy I found a place that works for our family. Also, the office staff is awesome! They are so friendly and make us feel so welcomed everytime we come in! I highly recommend Downtown KinderCare!
I really like tanning here but the customer service really upset me tonight. Granted I got there about 5 minutes til closing, all the lights were on and the open sign was still on. When I pulled up in the parking lot, I could see the girls face visibly upset. I ran up to the door and she told me, "sorry, I already turned everything off and closed up everything." I saw two people in there waiting to tan so I'm pretty sure everything was not shut down plus I just wanted a mystic tan. I begged her to let me tan since I am going to Cabo tomorrow. She said " sorry, Tempe is open until 10." Normally, I wouldn't drop in right before closing but I was hoping she would accommodate since I was running a little late. If I were the owner, I would be upset if someone got turned away 5 minutes before closing. Now, I'm going to finish my tans and find another place. Getting business is obviously not a priority for this girl.
My husband and I shopped around and  Public Storage had the best rates. Rachel, the representative at the front desk, was so nice and very helpful. After a long night of packing, she was very inviting and made our process very easy and fast. The unit was very clean, spacious, and secure. We definitely recommend this location. A+ for customer service & for surpassing our expectations.
We recently had our wedding at Tre Bella in early April and were very pleased with our experience from beginning to end. Since we were new to Phoenix, we were not familiar with the venues in the area. We were looking for something that was all inclusive, reasonably priced and nice for our guests and Tre Bella had it all! Our friends referred us to Tre Bella (who used them too) and we couldn't have been more happy with our experience. We initially read the reviews first and were excited to read about everyone's amazing experience and wanted that too.We initially met with Kim, the owner, and she was spectacular! She gave us a tour of the facility, went over every detail of the timeline of items and showed us the wide variety of items to choose from starting with table decor all the way to back lighting on the walls. The pre-planning was great. She accommodated our busy work schedules, provided multiple open houses to sample the food (which was amazing), and was quick to make any changes we had up to the last minute... even made suggestions on way to improve the ceremony.I most definitely want to recognize the catering staff. They did such a wonderful job serving our guests and making sure everything was in perfect shape. Also, DJ Mike was super awesome and played exactly what we wanted (and didn't want). He was right on point! Also, during one of the open houses, we met Lew our officiant.  He was great and would use him again! :)5 stars all the way! Thanks again for the great memories, Tre Bella!
I usually love Filiberto's but the last few times I have been there, the quality of food has gone down. Their beans tasted so watered down. I got the Huevos Rancheros this morning and it was so nasty. It looked like they took old pico de gallo and plopped two fried eggs on top.  My husband got the machaca breakfast burrito and there was barely any meat and the eggs were way overcooked. Super disappointed. Also, I noticed they put red tape over the ".99 cent" taco sign and wrote "$1.19" with black marker. Seriously? This is a super reflection of your business. Take the extra .20 cents you are making on your tacos and buy a new sign!  super ghetto!
We were a bit leery taking our son to the Infant 1 classroom based on the reviews we read on Yelp. I gave the benefit of the doubt since some of the reviews were a bit dated. I should've gone with the reviews and NOT taken our son there (we only lasted 3 weeks before taking him out)! Long story short, they did not follow our directions on feeding schedule. It was very inconsistent and they overfed our son with solids. They provided solids but we ended up bringing our own so we can make sure our son was given the appropriate amount. We started to  write our son's feeding schedule on the Ziploc bag and they still did not follow directions. One day, they fed our son 4 bottles when we only provided 3 bottles. (we think we got someone else's bottle) Another day, I walked into the room and it reeked like bleach. The afternoon teacher was cleaning up with chemicals while my son and one other baby were in there. While the teacher was cleaning, she had the other baby in a swing with a bottle propped up on a blanket to his mouth. I was appalled and told the director. She was upset with the "lapse of judgment." There was no follow up. The teacher did come to me the next day and told me "she is a good teacher and she has been doing this for 20 years." It did not excuse the fact that she propped a bottle and did not tend to the baby. I felt like they were misplacing his labeled bottles,lids and clothes daily. Finally, we decided things were not getting any better so we removed him from the daycare. It took the staff almost 20 minutes to gather his things.  They gave my husband everything and he noticed our son's pacifier wasn't with his belongings.  They walked over to his crib (labeled with his name) and grabbed a pacifier and gave it to him.  My husband told them it was not our son's pacifier. It was another babies. Very unsanitary and gross. At this point, Georgia Treat (the Center Director) went over to my husband who was well aware of the past issues we had had, yet still said those problems were "not the norm" to her.  At this point, my husband let her know what had happened with pacifier.  She said she was "so upset" and couldn't believe that happened...She told my husband she would make sure we didn't pay any outstanding balance (which was 1 week) because of our unpleasant experience.  We were still charged for the "comped" week.  My husband and I called several times and left her a messages. None were returned. I had to physically go to the daycare to speak with her and was told, "I didn't realize you were on auto pay, so there's nothing I could do now"... like it was impossible to refund  the amount we were charged? That's the LEAST she could've done for our awful experience. There are way too many babies and not enough help. The teachers were stressed out which made all the babies stressed out. Every time I went in, the babies were crying and so unhappy. My son is MUCH happier now at his new daycare. NIGHT and DAY! I will NEVER recommend this place to anyone. This place is horrible!!
EEEEEEWWW!  Total disappointment! I can't believe this place has any good reviews... what are people thinking?  I guess I'm spoiled with super delicious Thai food in San Diego. hmmm.... I am in town and found this place on google.  I ordered Yellow Curry (because of the positive reviews) and a small cup of Tom Yum soup.....$17 + change total.  Not only was I totally ripped off, my curry was extremely watered down. There was a crap ton of Tofu (which was the one good thing) and only a few pieces of potatoes and carrots.  The soup was watered down as well and prepared completely different then what I am used to.  This place sucks and I will never go back.  Epic FAIL!
All I can say is thank GOODNESS I paid $15 for this Groupon!  This place does not even deserve a one star! I recently moved to the Phoenix area from California and have been searching for a good yoga studio. I LOVE Groupon and was happy to see several studios I can try out before I purchase a membership.  I have been practicing yoga for several years and have never been so offended during my yoga practice. While I understand that there is a particular flow for Hatha/Bikram yoga (which I prefer Vinyasa Flow), I always try to push myself a little farther with what I have learned in my previous practices at different studios. In the middle of class, I attempted a slightly different pose from what was being taught (without interrupting my fellow yogi's) and the teacher called me out in the middle of class saying "Can you please do the same pose as the rest of the class?" (in a derogatory tone) I was absolutely offended by his gesture so I rolled up my mat and walked right out of the class. I sincerely apologize to the other yogi's there for walking out in the middle of class and interrupting their practice but he could have been a bit more tactful with his approach. Perhaps pulling me aside after class and letting me know this was not okay with him would have been more appropriate. So rude! Perhaps it was rude of me to assume I can try and progress my yoga style during his class but I always had encouragment from my previous teachers for pushing myself to evolve in my practice.In addition, because of the Groupon, the class was extremely packed and there was no room to move or do the poses correctly.  Also, the studio has carpet (which is different than what I am used to) and it is really disgusting! Sweaty, dirty, nasty and probably filled with bacteria. eew! I was already planning on looking for another studio and this incident made me look sooner!I will never visit this place again and will never recommend this place to anyone. Take my advice and keep looking for another studio!
I find it very classy and professional for the business owner to personally reply to each comment. Though I had a bad experience the first time, I  will try it again. I understand it is a new restaurant and employees (including cooks) need to get the hang of things.  Thank you for reaching out (to everyone) to make things better and thank everyone (good or bad) for their review.  Great customer service!
I love this place! I go for mani/pedis and everytime I go, they do such a good job. They take their time, the facility and tools are clean, and everyone is so nice. (even when they are busy!) I like that they tell walk-ins a legitimate wait time. Other places always tell you "5-minutes" but they are honest here... If the wait is over 25 minutes, they will tell you that. They don't rush to get in everyone... which is nice. I don't like to be rushed out. I'm also pregnant and they are so accommodating to me. They gave me a bottled water and made sure I was comfortable. I highly recommend! :)
We used sugarlips for our custom wedding cake and they did great! The whole experience was awesome from beginning to end. The girls in the bakery are all so nice and passionate about what they do.  We were on a tight budget and the sales associate provided several options to stay within our budget. We had a simple three-tier cake with fondant hand-made succulents and a sheet cake for serving. They were exactly what we asked for! All our guests complimented on how delicious the cake was... we agree! DELICIOUS!! We found our new place and will defnitely get all our cakes here!  Great job!!
First time here. Overall disappointed. Food not prepared well. Potatoes partially burnt excessive amount of butter on toast. Utensils dirty with food particles on them. The waiter not friendly. I most likely will not return. I was really hoping this place would great to frequently visit.
I love this place. The food is fantastic with great variety. The people that work there are extremely friendly. I love the culture of family there. I visit this location at least once a week. Its a must visit!
Banfield is okay for wellness checks, but for anything else I would recommend a real vet.  Banfield is corporate all the way and seemingly rely on their manual.  Absolutely no bedside manner when dealing with your beloved pet.  They also claim that walk ins are welcome but not so. Latest example. We brought in our chihuahua because at the time she had a small growth on her leg.  The vet said nothing really to worry about. Three weeks later the growth had grown exponentially. Saw vet again and told he couldn't do anything. Referred us to a pet hospital where they said amputation was the only option. That didn't sit well with us so we searched out our old vet, found him, and he said no to amputation. He removed the growth and she is running around as happy as can be on all FOUR legs
SO HAPPY WE FOUND DR JENNINGS AGAIN! We had the pleasure of having Dr Jennings at his former place of employment. Dr Jennings cared for our 3 loving family members, recently our 4 pound chihuahua had a rapid growing growth on her back leg, the former place said see a specialist and likey the leg would be amputated, 2 weeks later when the specialist could fit her in said 'yep amputation'. We were heartbroken, something didnt sit right with me about this and I searched the web to find Dr Jennings, he saw her on a Saturday and successfully removed the large growth (not the leg) on Monday! Trixie remembered Dr Jennings and he scooped her up on that reunited visit with the same caring and genuine concern as he did at the former place. Our pets have found their caregivers again, Dr Jennings, Erin and Sawyer are awesome!
I had one of the best messages I have ever had here. I went to see Kat after being in a car accident and I felt such pain relief. A very soothing and relaxing message area too. Thank you Kat!!!
We are from out of town and driving all over to find a place to get a car wash, we found this place. Michael and Pedro and the crew were so awesome! They made sure our van was clean and shiny. We loved the Air fresheners and wipes and then vacuumed for free! What a deal! We will be back!
This place is fantastic.  Owner is super nice and knowledgable. Good is fresh, local, and delicious.   I'd come back to Montreal just to come here again!Thanks!!
Melody is the ONLY person I will let cut my hair. Come on guys, do you think you are going to have the social life you desire if you are going to cheap haircut place to save a few bucks? Women can tell if you have a truly professional cut or not. The best thing about Melody is she gives you a cut that would cost 2-3 times as much as other salons. She is also a riot to talk to and will ensure you are completely happy with the exact cut you want before leaving her chair. She will also make suggestions on what cut would look best on you and execute flawlessly. Getting a haircut is no longer something i dread every month, but look forward to. Everytime!
It was just ok.....nothing special.To start off....we ordered the 2 types of meat: BBQ pork and Roast pork and it was quite a small portion for the price ($13... not worth it).   Since it was so small, we decided to order half a BBQ duck afterwards.   Taste was ok...All the other dishes were ordinary.  Prices seem high.Service was lacking....we had someone who could not use a chopstick and she had to get up and get a fork herself.  Place is not that big yet we had trouble flagging a waiter down.After the meal, we asked the waiter to call a taxi for us and he refused and just gave us the phone number instead.Would I return?  Nope.
I enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  The service was decent and the hotel room was great.  It is located in the middle of the main Vegas strip so you can walk to all the other popular casinos (ie. Bellagio, Paris, etc.).  To be honest, I really didn't stay in my room very long.  Come on, you are in Vegas...no time to sleep.Tips/Tricks:I noticed some ppl having problems with check-in.  You should be checking-in at the airport.  At the airport lobby, there is a Caesars Palace booth and there is no line-ups.  Bang...in 5 minutes you are checked-in.One of the hot nightclubs in Vegas is Pure.  It is not easy getting in on a Saturday night.  It took us 45 minutes to get in (not bad).  There are three basic lines: girls, VIP, and regular walk-ins off the street.  You have to wait in the VIP line and be prepared to show your hotel room key card.  This card is the secret to get you in (you still have to pay the cover charge which was $30 something).  One more thing...don't forget to SUIT UP.   This is the best nighclub I have ever been to.  It is something to check out.  Yes, bottled water for $8 and a round of drinks for 7 guys will set you back $100 but it was worth it.Getting tickets to any show in Vegas is possible.  Unless you are a high roller or know a pit boss, you will need to do this.  Go to the casino where the show is playing and line up at the standby line at about 4pm (the earlier the better but that time should be sufficient).  Ask a lot of questions to make sure you are in the right place.  You should be able to purchase tickets at around 6 to 6:30pm depending on the hotel/casino and showtime.Topless pool...yea, you heard me.  It is free admission for hotel guest on week days (bring your room key).   The trick is to show up early in the a.m. and get your wrist tagged.  They count how many guys they admit and try and keep an equal ratio so there is no Sausage-Fest.    After you get tagged, you can go have breakfest and show up later in the day to enjoy the view.I tried out Bobby Flay's restaurant, Mesa Grill on the first night I arrived in Vegas.  Wow...what a way to start off Vegas.  The food and service was excellent.  All the other ppl in my party had fish (which they enjoyed) and I was the only one who ordered the Steak.  Awesome steak....cooked perfect and it had this sauce/glace which was amazing.  Average price of each entree dish was $40-45.  I booked this Vegas package through Expedia.com ...removing the flight, I figure that the room cost about $175 per night.   It was decent and I would return to this hotel.
Dropped in the first week of January 2009 for some lunch after getting off the plane.   I had a craving for pull pork and this place was the closest to the airport.I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was excellent.  Make sure you drown the sandwich is BBQ sauce.  If you eat this sandwich making a mess, then you have done it right.  I have to go back and try their ribs.Very decent BBQ....I would recommend you yelpers give it a try.
Ok....I make it a habit to eat buffet once everytime I am in town.  This is one of the best buffets in Vegas (along with the one at Wynn for $38).I would give Bellagio the slight edge over Wynn because their desert station is far superior (although I am not into sweets).King Crabs Legs, Prime rib, rack of lamb.....that is all I need to be happy.  However, I can only do one buffet when I am in town.  Take your pick: Bellagio or Wynn....you can't go wrong with either one.
I love this club....it is my favorite one.   My 2nd fav. is Tao.Last year, I went on a Saturday and it was really packed and rocking.  This year, i went on Sunday and it was not as busy but it was still fun.   (I went to Rain on Saturday and that was a waste)On Saturday, you can expect to wait at least a hour or more.  On Sunday, I waited about 10-15 minutes.  We were 3 guys and had no problems getting in (of course, you must suit up...jacket is required).  Did not need to get bottle service.  Bouncers were cool...start chatting with them helps.How do I determine if the club is good....plenty of hot chicks and NO sausagefest (...you know what I mean).Sausagefest Free Zones:  Pure and Tao (visit both and enjoy)  Sooo much eye candy...I was like a kid in a toy store.There were handing out free passes in the casino floor (Sunday) so keep your eyes peeled.   Don't pay the $30 cover charge if you are there on a slow night. Red Bull with Cran Vodka was $18 last year and this time around it was only $14.   Price reduction...I guess times are tough.Definitely one of the top nightclubs in Vegas to visit.
I was in town for a conference at this hotel.  Stayed here for 5 days in September/2008 in the South Tower.   Room was adequate and the view was excellent (Paris Tower and the Bellagio fountains).The location is excellent.....as all other reviewers stated, they are located next to Paris, Bellagio, and Caesars.  You are right in the center of the strip.Didn't spend much time in the room...hey, you are in Vegas....The room cost was very economical (paid an average of $79 per night) and it was worth it.   We just needed a decent place to crash for a few hours before going back into the jungle.   I would return again.
After countless hours wandering the casino floors....I really needed a good massage (without the happy ending).   This was my first experience getting a foot massage (and definitely not my last) and I was a little shy about it.  A tough guy getting a foot massage from another man....well, it would not go over well with my buddies. After soaking my feet in warm water and lying on their recliners, I selected a male because I wanted it to hurt...remember, no pain, no gain.   The massage started with the neck and shoulders working down my back (which I think took about 10-15 mins).    Then it was my feet and calves turn.  Oh, it hurt quite a bit....as I was a newbie to this experience but I took it like a man.   No screams came out unlike my other friends who bitched and shrieked.Overall, I felt great and energized afterwards.   I would definitely return and recommend this place to all.   Price was reasonable.  If you are happy with their service, please remember to tip well...
If you want poutine at 4 a.m. after a nite of clubbing...you must make a stop here.  Open 24/7, this hearty serving of fries with cheese curds and brown gravy is the best in town.  I would recommend the "Poutine Galvaude" which consist of a poutine topped with chicken and peas.  The peas in the Galvaude balanced out the meal...so now you can tell your mommy that you had your veggies.  I also tried the T-Rex (Minced meat, pepperoni, bacon and smoked sausages) but that was just too much meat.   I love meat....but there is a limit.  Although a woman who loves meat is a woman after my own heart.
Top rating goes to this restaurant for the food and service.  You must make a stop at this place when you are in town.  Serving mainly seafood and steaks....you will enjoy the sauces that go into every dish.It is pricey but everything in Vegas is expensive.  You are in Sin city to spend and enjoy.
Needed a break from shopping at the Factory Outlet....this seem like a good choice after reading some of the reviews here.   Price was very reasonable (something like $16-17 per person).The sushi was just ok....maybe I'm a sushi snob now.  I was not impressed with their sushi.   The grill and stir fry section was decent but I went there was sushi.  A fairly large selection of sushi and food but I have had much better at other sushi buffets.Service was sub-par.  Dishes were piled high before someone came to clear them.  Water was not refilled promptly.  Asked for coffee and it took a very long time for it to arrive.I would not return....I'd rather pay a little more and go somewhere else.
Clearly one of the best smoked meat deli sandwiches you can get.   Actually, I prefer Pete's Meat over Schwartz.It is out of the way for Montrealers but worth the trip.
I had supper here.   We had reservations and were seated immediately upon arrival.  Service was excellent. Bread basket was pretty like a flower arrangement.  Sampling the different types of bread was interesting.We all started off with some stone crabs....not bad but expensive...the dipping sauce was very good.  We all ordered the ribeye steak (one of us ordered the ribeye with bone in).    Steaks were cooked perfect (from rare to medium).  We were stuffed but we ordered a desert anyways....don't remember the name but it was like a mousse pie with peanut butter (very rich and good).This is a very good steakhouse.  If you go here, you really need to order their steaks (some of their other offerings didn't look great).  Remember you don't make friends with salad.
This place is old school.....and I like it.  I was staying on the strip and dropped in for supper at their BBQ restaurant.   This was one of the best deals I had in Vegas.   I had a 2 for 1 coupon for the BBQ.  The requirement to use the coupon was to join their players club (which I did) and they gave me a food credit of $5.Placed two orders for the 1/2 chicken and 1/2 rack of ribs combo ($8.99).   Their 1/2 rack is a full rack back home.  The serving was huge and I must admit that the food was very good.  Quality was surprising very decent.  After using the coupon and applying my food credit, I ended up paying around 6 bucks for two meals....what a deal.Of course, I proceeded to lose $100 at their blackjack table after this hearty meal....Damn you, Vegas!!!!The dealers were very friendly and it felt like I was in Old Vegas.  I love it when I can have a conversation with the dealers while we play (I'd ask stupid questions like what is the biggest loser/winner you dealt with, weird situations while working, etc.).   It was very slow the Monday night I was there (so no karaoke was happening).   I hope this place makes it through this tough time.  The casino is small (compared to the mega casinos located nearby) but I would definitely return.  I need to try their un-advertised $6.99 steak special next time.  Ellis Island Rules.
I had lunch here twice and dinner once.   We were looking for something inexpensive and this place fit the bill.   I would have liked some pho but it would involve taking cab rides off the strip.For lunch, I ordered the teriyaki chicken rice bowl special which came with a salad and miso soup for $8.99.Dinner was good.... they had very decent maki rolls (try the playboy roll).I would return.
Unlike some of the other reviewers, I kind of liked this place.  The price of the buffet was very affordable.   Yes, there are limits on specific items but I have seen that at other buffet places.The service was adequate when I was there.  Overall the food was good and I enjoyed my meal.   I would return.
It is fairly inexpensive place to eat breakfast in Vegas.  I had breakfast and lunch at this restaurant.   Breakfast was decent and lunch was just ok.I have to admit that I am spoiled.  Having eaten smoked meat most of my life in Montreal (Schwartz's, Smoke Meat Pete's, Lesters, Snowden Deli).....Stage Deli just doesn't compare.It was an ok sandwich and the price was excellent.  Having lunch for around $10 in Vegas is a bargain.  I give it a 3-star because of their price and breakfast was decent.    If you ever want a real melt in your mouth smoked meat (pastrami) sandwich, visit Montreal.  It's even better than Carnagie Deli in Manhattan.
Here's my personal experiences....Always book online directly from the Car Rental company....you can always cancel or modify your reservations afterwards.  You might not be able to do that through a third-party website (ie. hotwire, priceline, etc.).Shopped around online and finally decided to book a sub-compact from Dollar Rent a Car.  Used my Amex because it had additional auto insurance coverage so I didn't need to purchase any insurance from Dollar.   Joined their Dollar Express membership online by providing my drivers license and added a credit card to my profile.  This allows me to avoid the line-ups and go directly to the garage to pick up the car.Once I got off the plane and picked up my luggage, I hopped onto the Car Rental shuttle bus (signs are outside the terminal).  I waited 2 minutes before the bus arrived and it took an additional 10 minutes to get to the McCarran Rental Car Center.Tipped the bus driver, headed inside the Center and went straight downstairs to the Dollar garage to present my Dollar Express card (which I got in the mail before the trip) along with a photo ID.  It took 2 minutes to print out the contract and get it signed.   You then go to the sub-compact section to select and inspect the vehicle you want yourself.  Keys are in the ignition...you just start it up and drive to the exit to present your signed contract along with a photo ID.Attached my garmin GPS that I brought from home and I am done with the whole rental matter.   The whole thing took about 30 minutes after getting off the plane.  If I was not an Express customer, it would have taken another 45 minutes or more.  Parking is free everywhere on the strip.  I only paid parking when I went to Fremont street.  It always bugged me that I had to pay 22-25 bucks round trip taxi for an "In-N-Out Burger" craving.  Also I would always wait 15-25 minutes to get a taxi back to the strip when I went to chinatown for a meal.  I had a pho craving at 2am one night and a rented car resolved all these issues.Returning the Car:  Make sure you fill-up the night before returning the car. The Rental center is open 24/7....just follow the "return car" signs and find your rental company.  Park it and give your contract to the attendant.  He is able to print out your invoice with a portable handheld machine.   This took 1 minute.  Hopped on a shuttle bus outside and headed to the airport (make sure you know which terminal) which took another 11-12 minutes.   It was effortless...but you need to make sure you show up at least a hour or two before the flight.This was the first time I rented a car and I plan to do this everytime.   I paid $275-$300 in taxi fees on my previous trip.  This car rental cost me $9 per day with unlimited milage (plus taxes) and I used up $13.50 in fuel.  It was definitely worth it and I would recommend it to all (unless you plan to drink a lot).Hope this info helps.
Had an amazing deep tissue massage from Taylor. Feeling wonderful. Definitely need massages more often.  Go see Reflecting Hands Massage and experience the magic. Wrote this a long time ago, forgot to post.
The wife and I stopped in here for a second time this last weekend.  We really liked that they do half-rolls for their all-you-can-eat so we can get lots of different flavors without over-indulging!  I highly recommend the Volotion Motion Potion, the Helmet Crest Roll, the 702 Roll, and the Takashi Roll.  We also enjoyed the Funny Name Roll, and everyone should have the Volcano Roll too, but recognize it's a little heavy (baked).  We are definitely looking forward to going back sometime soon!  Special thanks to Whitney and the rest of the team for their great service.
I went to aria cafe, party of 8 on a Saturday night at 8:45pm. The restaurant was about 1/3 full but it still took 10 minutes for someone to come and take our drink order.We ordered cocktails and waters and the servers brought the waters out in pairs for some reason. In all, it took 30 minutes for everyone to get water. I would overlook the poor service if the food were good. Unfortunately, that is were aria cafe really fails. A few of us ordered the rotisserie herb chicken with asparagus and mashed potatoes. The chicken was very watery and runny. The quality of the ingredients used were substandard, which is disappointing for a restaurant at a very nice hotel.One friend ordered the general taos chicken, which was basically fried chicken doused in a glazed ketchup sauce. The chicken fettuccine looked straight out of a stouffers or lean cuisine box. The last friend, a self described "burger connoisseur" concluded that the burger was one of the five worst burgers of his life. He's probably had upwards of 1000 burgers across 20 states, six countries and three continents so his opinion is credible. Aria cafe is a legitimate blight on a hotel like the aria.
Great food with a laid back atmosphere. Really enjoyed the enchiladas and their tamales. Very fresh with a great flavor.
Had the filet mignon with the special charred topping.  It was over done, not tender and no flavor.  Husband had a steak also over done, tough and no flavor.  Very disappointed.
Had a fabulous dinner starting with a delicious cocktail and a wonderful meal.  Our waiter was very attentive, informative and all around great.  Will definitely return back and recommend this place.  Thanks!
Sophia's Cafe is a great place. Very friendly and quick service.In my opinion the inside is a little dark and could use a little bit more light.The food on the other hand is a out of this world and you must try this locations food at least 1 time.
I needed a good hair salon easily accessible by TTC.  I worked in the area, decided to try Twin Image - and I've been a loyal (and very satisfied) customer ever since!   My favourite stylist is Lindsay, who does great highlights and haircuts.  The salon is small, elegant and quiet,  and all the staff are always very pleasant.  The prices are very reasonable - good value for the money!  I used to go to a  fancy place in Yorktown.  I'm so glad I found Twin Image salon.  Much closer to home and a real hidden gem in the neighbourhood!
I come from a long line of car enthusiasts and mechanics.  The vehicle in question is a black 2012 VW CC with aftermarket wheels.  I know my vehicle inside and out.  I do my own maintenance and repairs unless I don't have the ability or it's economically infeasible to do it myself, to which I try to outsource that to independent shops and "stay local."Having said that, I have never, EVER dealt with such abysmal work and customer service in my entire life.  Because of your shop I have a halfway working TPMS sensor and mix-matched lugnuts while traveling out of town.First off, the TPMS sensor.  On June 27th, I order a set of Michelin Pilot Sport A/S 3 Plus 235/70 R18 from Tirebuyer.com.  They recommended you and some other installers for the installation and if I went with one of the 'recommended installers' I received a small discount ($10-20).  Mr. Nobody's was cheapest by a long shot, and I was having to be in Gastonia the next day anyways for an appointment so I decided to go with your shop on Union Road.  They were delivered the afternoon of the 27th and your shop called me saying to come in that morning for installation, to which I did.On June 28th I came in first thing that morning, they took me right in, and I worked some from the breakroom, which is very nice.  In all honesty the whole facility is nice & clean, something to be proud of.  They got me out about 90 minutes later and all was good.  I drove back to work and finished my day there.  On the way home my TPMS sensor came on for the rear passenger side tire.  The sensor acted like it failed to check in with the car, not reporting too low/high tire pressure. I figure it was a fluke--it is a German vehicle.  Then the next day the same thing happen twice--once on the way to work and then on the way back.  I ran the car through my VW-specific diagnostic software and the TPMS sensors all were registering with good batteries. I called the shop and spoke to Tim Clay, manager.  I asked if they could check it for me because it was working before I had the tires installed.  I explained to them exactly what's doing and if the sensor is malfunctioning then that's fine--but to take the tire off and verify the battery wasn't loose or a sensor wasn't dirty (stuff happens).  Tim immediately wanted to disregard it as "well they tend to fail."  I understand that, but they normally don't just intermittently fail like that unless there's something going on.  He said to bring it in and they'll look at it.  I came to the shop and met Mr. Clay.  I explained to him in detail what was going on.  He tried to say that "it could be any tire" because "the car doesn't know which sensor is where."  On some cars that's the case but not with my Volkswagen--in 2012 they implemented an advanced TPMS that had individual sensors in the wheels and the car tracks each one if they're rotated.  He wanted to argue about this and I was like, "fine, whatever.  Just please check the rear passenger's sensor."  They pull my car into the shop and put a generic TPMS.  Tim came back and said "well, the batteries are good."  "I know that, I told you that.  But there's something that's causing the batteries to lose contact w/ the TPMS or there's something clogging a sensor.  I want the tire taken off and have it inspected.  I'll pay for it if I have to."  "You probably need a new one--they're about $130-140.  Your battery is failing"  "How do you know that when you never took the tire off the rim?  It's saying good battery?  You've said that and I've seen it too.  It's not the battery dying.  If that's the case it would indicate low battery and it's not."  From there Tim gave me my keys and said there's nothing they can do.  I was so absolutely furious that I yanked them from his hands and pulled my car out of the bay myself, swearing to myself that I'll never go back.  I hate being humiliated.I went back home and let the air out of that tire.  I noticed moisture was coming out of the tire.  I emptied it as much as I can and then filled it back up with air from my air compressor.  Now the sensor only misbehaves once every two weeks or so, instead of every day.  So, please, clean drain the moisture out of your air compressors.Then, Sept. 2nd, I attempted to rotate my own tires.  I couldn't break the lugnuts using my tools and my impact wrench.  I took it to national chain shop.  They split my lugnut key and 2 of their sockets--and were only successful with getting half of them off.  So now I had mixmatched lugnuts and praying I didn't bust a tire.  I went home and had to buy $50 in tools to just get the rest of the old lugnuts off.  I have no idea what they were torqued but they were way more tight than anything a tire shop and myself can use.  That could've damaged the hubs and set me up in a dangerous situation considering I couldn't change my own tires in an emergency.I wouldn't trust them to put windshield washer fluid in it.
Do not go here if you are looking for good service. The waitress forgot our order twice and then apologized saying she was "flaky" today. We then said just get us something that's quick, we had Mercury game tickets. She agreed and then proceeded to slowly clean the next table. If you've forgotten drink and food orders, wouldn't you go straight to the kitchen and place the order? A good waitress would. Food comes and good luck finding someone to bring you utensils. You complain to manager and he acts like he cares somewhat. After eating we couldn't find anyone to bring the check. Then no one to take it. I never have done a review like this, but this places service stinks. On the way out I say to the manager how horrible it was and he says "bye, have a nice day". Wow.And to top it off...45 minutes late for the game. Damn shame, was looking forward to a new place near the stadium. Never again.
We just renewed for another year and upgraded our membership.  I added up the tickets we received and the value of the tickets was almost $2,000.  We've seen plays, Mercury games, concerts and more. The only frustrating part is when the tickets are for a "hot" show, those are difficult to get.  I have been trying now to get tickets to something for the past week and they keep taking it off and adding it back on as sold out.  Not sure if they are adding more tickets and they go that fast or just teasing with a sold out show. I check Fillaseat probably 20-30 times daily and haven't had any luck.  Otherwise, extremely happy with our membership.
Derek was amazing with our 2 1/2 year old Engish Shepherd (Border Collie type) dog.  She was a jumper (on people), high energy and unruly.  We couldn't enjoy having guests at our home.  Every walk with her was not enjoyable.  We were at the point we were considering rehoming her.  Derek had her in his home for boarding and training for a week and she came back a completely different dog.  She's enjoyable to be with, walks much more easily and is better behaved dog.  He showed us what was needed to continue her training and had tips to "give her a job" and reduce her energy level, which is needed for this breed.  We can't give him 10 stars, so we'll settle on 5!
Ok, 5 stars just for the guac. Chef Silvana has made such a different mix with adding pomegranate to her guacamole, it's worth the visit just for that. Everything we've had there is a different twist on traditional Mexican. One of the best mole we've ever had. Love the graffiti on the outside walls. This ones a keeper!
I totally disagree with the one star review. Thats insane.  I'm a foodie and love a good mexican restaurant. I just moved here from Chicago and Don Ruben is a few blocks from me. I thought it was a hole in the wall dive, but I was wrong.It's clean and nicely decorated, with two rooms for patrons. The salsa is delicious, just the right amount of tomato, onion, spice and kick! I'm not a fan of the their hotter version, so I'd skip that. The chips are always fresh and hot. Great margaritas and even better at 3 bucks on weekends. I always get the shredded beef enchiladas with ranch beans. I've had this in numerous places and theirs is THE best. The sauce on the enchiladas is delicious. It's a full plate and enough for leftovers the next day. The deserts are amazing too. The wait staff is always friendly and quick!I love having this close to home, but there goes the diet!!!
Just did a refinance with Michael Rodriguez and couldn't be more pleased and I AM giving him 5 stars.  I did an FHA streamline and it couldn't have gone better.  Michael made sure that I got a better rate, lowered and skipped 2 payments.  He is easy to work with and explains the process along the way.  Couldn't be happier!
Sent an e-mail initially, no response.  Called the office a few days later and spoke with Wayne, he gave his direct e-mail.  He seemed interested and asked me to send photos directly to him for a "quicker" response. He stated he got my e-mail and that was it.I followed up a few times and even asked for a response even if not interested, just so I'd know...Well, almost 10 days later....not a word.
We stop here before every Mercury game. It's convenient to Talking Stick Arena and always great food. From burgers to delicious salmon salad, you can't go wrong. Decent selection of on tap beer. I would have given 5 stars, but service isn't always as quick as it could be. Plus last time they overcooked my burger and didn't offer to "fix" my order. That irked me, but it was still decent. I guess that's why I'm going back tonight!!!
Every time we have guests in town (and otherwise!) we always make a point to go to Bobby Q's.  Every single meal has been exceptional and our out of towners are blown away by the ribs and chicken.  There's a reason this is one of Yelp's Top 10 for Phoenix!  I've never had tender, juicy ribs like they make in my life.  And every time we have to bring a side dish to a friends house for dinner, we pick up a pan of the Mac n Cheese and some corn muffins.  We're the most popular people at the party!  I'm thankful this little gem of a place is only a few miles from me!
I cannot say enough good things about our experience with Grand Canyon A/C and Martin.  They were called out by our warranty company yesterday am and came within a few hours.  They worked with Trane and Fidelity and had the repair done the same day.  Martin and his crew were professional, quick and got the job done!  I'm very impressed!
Always great service and courteous drivers. Much better than finding your hot car in a Phoenix parking lot and being too tired to drive home!
Joncen made me feel like Beyonc once I walked out of my appointment. Absolutely worked wonders on my hair. I couldn't be any happier with the outcome and he really cared about what I wanted and what we could for my hair.
Nice atmosphere... But that's about it. Food & drinks were mediocre. Not worth the price that's for sure! They brought my boyfriends food out several minutes after everyone else's.. So I had to share my food with him! My other friends dinner was cold when they brought it. I had Mac & cheese... Small portion. Service was good for the most part.. And we got free dessert for the troubles (which didn't help the $100 per couple we paid for dinner).. But I probably would not go back.
Went there for "happy hour"... Wasn't too happy. Weird service/ ordering system. Was asked to order & pay right after stepping into the joint... Had no idea what drinks they even had to choose from. After questioning the cashier, she rambled off a couple beers I have never heard of. She let me try a sample of one, which I didn't care for. Left after my boyfriend finished his beer.. I think he enjoyed it tho :)
I can't say I've ever had Mexican food I didn't enjoy eating, but this was nothing stand-out special. They have an a la carte- type ordering system.. & it's also backwards.. so it's kinda confusing, but they do have decent prices & occasional specials. You can also find live music here on select nights.
Fixed my boyfriends phone for cheap... Even though he dropped it & broke it again. Wish we lived closer... Cuz we would be regular customers!
My favorite liquor store ever! You can find anything & everything.. & then some. Awesome prices.. I can never leave the store with just one thing!
Decent buffet and unlimited champagne for the brunch cruise. Beautiful scenery. Polite and helpful wait staff. Top deck of the boat was very relaxing. We enjoyed ourselves very much. We would go again :)
Awesome park in the middle of town! Big, open area for relaxing outdoors. Trail, pond, workout stations, picnic areas, fishing, etc. Clean & well maintained. Two thumbs up!
My boyfriend & I love this place! We came here every other weekend when we lived in Vegas. Cheap prices.. Great service! Hot stone, deep tissue, & reflexology. Leo is the bomb!
Awesome show! Very unique. Colorful, down to earth, & up beat! Good for all ages. A little on the pricey side... But that's to be expected for the area. They allow outside drinks.. So that was a plus. Popcorn was good & worth the $8! We got upgraded seats upon arrival... Even better!
Good & cheap... Just how i like my pizza!! Had a slice before the show.. Perfect for on the go :)
If you're looking for somewhere to watch a game on tv... Keep looking. Walked in & right back out.. Very smokey, nothing special, & prices weren't worth toughing it out for.
Beautiful place to spend the day! 13 mile scenic drive was a nice change of pace from the city life. There were several lookout places to stop & enjoy. Parking was kinda crowded. There were a few picnic areas, which we utilized. That was a lot of fun! The visitors center was neat too. The only thing I would like to be different is more clearly defined trails. We had a hard time determining where the trail we wanted to hike was at.. Maybe we'll find it next time!
Chicago themed.. So it has to be good! ;) They have a big projection screen to watch all the best games, along with a few more TVs on the wall. Decent specials for football & Blackhawks games. Pizza is good.. Wings are delicious. I wish they had cheese sauce! :( Owner & staff are all real friendly. We'll definitely be back.
Pretty... & pretty repetitive. We came for a scenic trail... It was kinda cactus, after cactus, after cactus, you get the point. Good workout tho.. Lotsa hills! Bring water if you plan on being there for long!
Got the groupon "all you can drink 9-2 on the patio". It specifically said NOT to be used for the nightclub... So we were not dressed for the nightclub. Got there at 9 only to see the patio was closed. Tried calling the number on the Groupon.. No answer. Tried calling the number on the gate.. No answer. Talked to the bouncer for the inside club.. He said they didn't open until 10. Ended up being fun.. Just wish they would've had the facts straight so we could've been dressed appropriately & arrived at the correct time. Different kinda crowd. Turned out to be fun tho
Small little laid back place. Friendly service & atmosphere. Chicago themed.. Even better! Good pizza & good deals. Place was kinda smokey.. I could do without that.
Overpriced for what you get, but that's just my opinion. They are good sized. Tried the chai & s'mores cupcakes... Tasty, but a little dry. Decorations were boring (I like pretty cupcakes). I'd eat them again.. Probably wouldn't buy them myself tho.
Bingo, drinks, bingo, drinks! hehe The lady selling the bingo cards was nice enough to explain the games to us. Very easy to catch on.. & fun! The free drinks are nice too. Definitely a good time :)
Rockin taco rocks!! It's been delicious every time I've gone. I always get the nachos.. made fresh to order. They're HUGE so only get them if you're really hungry! They've got large frozen drinks that are awesome as well.. Oh & try a jalapeo shot if you're feeling brave!!
Delicious white sangria & pesto pizza! Quite a few wines to choose from.. & you could build your own pizza. Kinda loud in there, but it was busy! Quick & good service tho :)
They have anything & everything. Household items, food, bathroom necessities, seasonal decor... You name it. Things are really a dollar tho... I want my penny back! :-/
Stopped in for a drink one night. The atmosphere was good. It was decorated pretty cute & they had fire pits to sit next to outside. They had live music the night we went in there.. Which is always a plus. They also had late night happy hour specials :-)
Awesome full body massages, hot stone, & reflexology! Great prices, relaxing atmosphere. We'll definitely be back :-)
The cigarette smoke was so thick in there that we couldn't even find the bar.. Yuck. Couldn't stand to sit & eat in there. There was a non-smoking section with nothing dividing it.. But that's kinda like peeing in a pool, right?!
We got off to a rough start... Our cabin wasn't done on time, then we had to be switched to a different cabin bc the one we booked was damaged. We wanted to hike trails while we waited, but the ones across the street were closed & the employees weren't sure where else to go. We did find our own adventure.. Which turned out nice. The cabins were great & also ended up to be worth the wait. Very cute, clean, and comfy! Big bed, jacuzzi bath, fireplace, & patio. Wonderful scenery. I would love to go back!
Yummy yummy yummy.. I left with a full tummy! Great all you can eat deal. Chef made us special things off the menu. Dessert was also good!
If I could give this place 10 stars.. I would! I've only lived in Vegas for about a month & I don't think I can count how many times I've been here! The selection of nachos is out of this world!! My favorite has to be the pulled pork.. Although I had chicken fried steak nachos for breakfast the other day, which were also phenomenal. You can't stop here without trying their white queso either! Service is always great (we like the bartender Erin & the server Loui)! They have several TVs that show games... & often have drink specials too. (Be sure to catch the $15 pitchers of daddy's margaritas during football). We will definitely be back (maybe tomorrow lol)
Pretty... & pretty repetitive. We came for a scenic trail... It was kinda cactus, after cactus, after cactus, you get the point. Good workout tho.. Lotsa hills! Bring water if you plan on being there for long!
Small portions & expensive. Waiter didn't seem to know much about the menu or drinks. My specialty drink was suppose to have candy in it... It didn't. Lasagna was tiny.. Pizza was okay. I didn't mind it.. Nothing special tho.
Delicious! (Way better than KF.... The other chicken joint) Tender chicken with crunchy skin, excellent fries, & garlic bread! My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
All. You. Can. Eat! Sat at the sushi bar & watched them make our food! Excellent sushi date! Affordable too! I recommend this place :-)
If you're looking for a reasonably priced nail salon that does quality work... This is the place to go! It's very clean & nicely decorated. Staff are all very friendly and helpful. They must have over 100 colors of shellac and glitter gel polish to choose from. A gel polish change is $23 & it lasts for weeks!! Other than nails & pedicures, they also offer waxing services & eyelash extensions. I'll definitely continue going to this salon!
Delicioso!! Our first time trying this place! The lady that took our order was nice. Food was prepared fresh & fast! Rolled tacos were awesome & so was the chili relleno. They've got a station to add condiments too. Open 24hrs... It's the perfect 4th meal! ((All they are missing are margaritas))
If you're looking to watch a hockey game... You'll most likely find it here. Lots of TVs with lots of games playing! Video poker, keno, etc at the bar, which is also fun. They have daily food specials & reasonably priced drinks. Service was awesome & so were the owners. Only thing stopping a 5 star rating in my eyes was the smoke.. Had to change my clothes as soon as we left the bar. (But no one else seemed to mind it). Overall a pretty great local bar :)
Hockey all around... Live thru the glass & lotsa games on the big screens. Good food, good drinks. Service varies from day to day. Ladies drink half price on weekend nights so that's nice :)
Service was awesome. Complimentary chips, salsa, & beans were good and filling. Margaritas could've been bigger.. & stronger but they were good none the less. Keep your eye out for coupons... & groupons!!
If you don't know what Thai food tastes like, you just won't know what you're missing. This is definitely NOT a real Thai restaurant.
Best places hands down to bring the kiddos !! We decided last minutes to throw my nieces 7th birthday and the placed was on packed. However I asked a employee named Cierra ask me if we were a walkin birthday and I said yes she said give me your gifts and I will set them on a table big enough for your party. Hands down the sweetest thing as I begin to tell me niece we would have to go somewhere else Cierra saved the day!!! She also grabbed some pink balloons for the table! Sissy also helped us with getting plates and forks for our cake we had brought in and had them do a birthday shout out over the intercom!! Kids club is the way to go thank you guys so much for the experience
Kate was amazing along with all the other girls. I had a very specific dress in mind and wondered in after being disappointed at Davids Bridal  .I was looking for 8 (yes 8 )  of my bridesmaids dresses and not only did they have it in various sizes to try on but it was at a great price and they were able to order it in my desired color. Thank you so much for making months of looking and debating so simple and easy for my big day. - Brittanie
Huevos rancheros. Dry tortilla, eggs done wrong. Espresso: week coffee in a little cup. Avoid!
I love this little spot. The iced coffee with almond milk is my favorite! The food is consistent and pretty good too.
The iced coffee with almond milk is so good! Having the drive thru is super convenient on mornings when you're not ready to see the world yet!
This is by far my favorite breakfast spot. The food is always good no matter what I order. The coffee cake and coffee is on point!
The food, the wine, and service are always amazing! This is definitely my go to Italian spot.
This taco truck is on a different level, it's like a high end taco truck. The steak tacos are so yummy and full of flavor especially with the chipotle sauce the put on them the meat is so tender. A must try!
Loved this place!My sister is a huge coca cola lover so I grew up drinking coke my whole life.This place has everything coke you can imagine. I decided to try a float which was delicious and very appropriate for the scorching hot weather in Vegas. A must try when your in Vegas!
Burgers were good, the smash fries were nicely seasoned with a variety of seasonings.The location is nice, it's right in the middle of the casino in ceasars palace.
Las Vegas cheesecake factory was great! They sat us quickly, under ten mins. It was the first time I tried the mushroom burger, I usually order the Cajun pasta and let me tell you I was not disappointed it was so good and full of flavor. To drink I had the pineapple Moscow mule and oh my goodness I loved it! Definite five stars.
This museum is located right outside downtown Las Vegas. It's really nice to see the history behind the makings of this city. They have three floors full of information. Definitely recommend.
Ceasars palace is the best!Stayed here for three days for a seminar and my stay was a pleasant one.First the room I stayed in was located in the Augustus tower which had a beautiful view of the swimming pool. The room had king bed along with couches. The restroom was a good size. Had both shower and bathtub. The best thing of all is that ceasars palace has everything you need, from restaurants, shops, swimming pools to a great casino! You don't even have to leave. I know where I'll be staying the next time I'm in Vegas.
Well this is long overdue. It's been a month ago that I visited the place with my sister.... I just want to bring this up with the owners since, I really didn't like the way their manager treats people.  A very young lady was the one that was helping us, although "Rosa" who is the manager and seems to act like the owner  just looked at us and not even gave a welcoming smile.  ROSA, YOUR MANAGER, SHOWS DISCRIMINATION.  The reason I said this is for that reason-- she looked at us only and does not even help the young lady wherein  we ordered  3 things which needs preparing and no other customers were there.  However, when a couple of mexican ladies came in; oh,  Rosa was all smiles and welcomed them in and assisted them right away... That is when I asked the young lady if she was the owner, and I was told that she was just the manager.  I tipped the young lady and told her that it was only for her but she apparently said that it was a community tip jar.  Why would a person deserve to be tipped if she does not treat all customers the same way.  Also, I work as an operations manager for a restaurant with 5 other locations and I never ever discriminate on any of our customers. I, my managers, and crew treat new and returning customers the same way, regardless of what origin & color they are with respect and good accommodations. I just hope you train your manager real well and not to  put her position in her head!!!!!
Admission is way too expensive for this zoo. Plus, be warned, it does not include the rides. Which are sub-par at best, you will pay $6 to ride the 'log ride' that is featured on the brochure...and the food place in the zoo only accepts cash. After being shocked at the admission and then discovering the rides were not included...we entered the zoo. Which is completely dirt, no landscaping to enjoy. The zoo is very old and has the enclosures that made myself, my husband and my kids (ages 10 and 11) feel sorry for the animals. The aquarium tanks are too small for many of the fish (they have probably out grown them.) The most disappointing and heart breaking thing was to go into the building where the baby animals are kept. It reeked of urine, each baby animal was in it's own room. There was a black panther in it's own room. Laying on the floor with it's tail in urine. No toys to play with, bed to sleep on. The zoo did have lots of animals, if you like birds you will get to see lots. But they mostly were in their own cage and not in a large aviary to fly around. So sad. It surprises me with all of the animal rights activists this zoo is still up and operating.The only redeeming experience was the ray petting tank in the aquarium area. This was amazing. You could actual pet lots of rays and they came up to you.
I don't know where some of these five-star ratings come from but that was not the hotel I stayed at. The only thing I found appealing about this hotel was its proximity to the airport. Other than that, it's an aged hotel in need of basic renovation. The carpet in my room had a tacky, damp feel to it; certainly not conducive to walking around in your bare feet. The elevators could use some maintenance. Oh they work but not as smooth as they could...even for their age. Needless to say I did not take advantage of any of the hotel's other amenities. Apparently this place is the darling of air crews for I saw several checking in. And I dare say they likely stay only because its within their budget. But pay no attention to the man behind the curtain, book a stay and have your own experience.
I ordered on the Yelp app dinner for me and my boyfriend for pick up. Even though my order was a little wrong (I had ordered vegetarian pad Thai but they gave us shrimp pad Thai) they were more than happy to remake my order right away while giving us ice cold waters and letting us sit in the main area with other patrons. The ambiance is really cool and I would definitely come back and recommend to others.
This place is a very refreshing addition to the area. Very nice atmosphere and great food. The soy garlic drumsticks and wings are a must try! Super crispy, but not greasy, and very tender. The sauce is super flavorful. Spicy is good too, but only order it if you really like spicy, because it is VERY hot. We have had the tenders and that's the only disappointing thing I've had here, they're quite dry. So just stick with the bone in chicken. The bibimbap and bulgogi tacos are fabulous as well. The bulgogi beef is so tender and flavorful. My husband and I really enjoy coming here and I'm looking forward to summer when they can open up the garage door and we can sit out on the patio!
I was really looking forward to trying this, but I don't think I'll be back. The toppings, sauce, and cheese were all good. I got authentic red, fresh and shredded mozzarella, black olive, roasted red pepper, mushroom and garlic. HOWEVER, the crust was so floppy, almost soggy, that you could barely hold it without all the toppings falling off.  It was just extremely soft. Not crispy at all till you get to the actual end crust. The crust was just so flimsy and soggy that it ruined it all for me. I'm sticking with Napoleons for pizza
The food is great and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The falafel is my favorite and the fries were surprisingly amazing with lots of flavor! (Not just like your average chips or fries). Was worried that the hummus wouldn't be as good as sittoos or Aladdins but, for a place like this, I thought the hummus was pretty good. Love all the fresh vegetables you can get and the warm pita. Tahini, garlic and hot sauces are all great! Nice to have another healthier "fast food" option with vegan options!
Best pizza in the area. You have to order the sweet sauce though, that's where it's all at! We actually had a pizza tasting party where everyone brought a pizza from a different place in the Cleveland area and we had a lot of good places in there (angelos, deweys, Danny boys, jets, edisons) but Napoleons with the sweet sauce came out on top and was most people's favorite!  A must try!
Great food, fun atmosphere, and great service. There was live music when we went which was a fun addition, almost felt like we were on vacation!  I got the arepa with braised beef, chimichurri, avocado, and feta (can't remember the name of it), but it was very good! Beef was tender and had great flavor.  Plus all of the sauces they leave at the table were fun to try and add to the arepa for some different flavors. The mojitos and margaritas were great and had a nice strength.  We also got a queso appetizer and that was amazing!  All in all, it was just a great place and we will be back!
We have come here many times for drinks and small plates and I've never been disappointed. All the food I've had here has been great. Especially love the baked Brie and hanger steak. And you can't beat the tacos on Tuesday for $2.  Staff is super friendly, helpful and personable and atmosphere is great. Came here for brunch today for the first time and now love the place even more. My husband got the chicken and waffles and it was really good! The chicken was very crispy and the beer batter made it very flavorful. I got the bananas foster French toast and that was also great! Not to mention the fabulous brunch cocktail we got. Bourbon, apple cider, ginger beer, maple syrup, garnished with bacon.  A great mix up from the usual brunch mimosa.
The people here put a great deal of care into producing some of the best food. Really one of the best burgers I've ever eaten (Pho Burger).  Do yourself a favor and get the Kimchi Fries, they are amazing!!!
I have been there several times now and have only had the best experiences each time.  Everyone is very friendly, the food comes fast, and they make very good drinks!  Heads up...don't challenge the cook on hot he can make the food, lol.  Love this place.
Not going to find a better dining experience anywhere!  The food is to die for and the service is astounding.  Looking forward to my return. Best restaurant I've been to in the Charlotte area.
If you love amazing and one-of-a-kind flavors of ice cream, and if you also love amazing macarons, then you will absolutely LOVE this place. Just do yourself a favor and get the cookie cup...you will be in sugar heaven. All 3 owners are incredibly cool too...so head on in there and go treat yourself to one of the tastiest treats in the Valley. You will have no regrets, I promise you this my friends :) oh yeah, and there's a homemade toasted marshmallow to top it all off. Drops the mic and walks away.
If you're in terminal C this is your spot! Awesome brews you can bring with you on your flight. Good food and great service. You might never know you are in an airport!
I just had a sampler of their beer.  The bartender was great.  Interesting person to talk with who had an excellent knowledge base of the company, its history and their products.  The beers were all very good.  The blueberry was a surprising hit.  Not wicked sweet and tasted like beer, not fruit.  The place is huge so there's plenty of seating.  That's critical because the place rocks!  Constant turnover which was managed exceptionally well.I'm coming back for the food.  If they can do beer this well the food must be amazing!
I really liked Greenhouse.  The casual atmosphere, tremendous staff, great beer selection and decent food all added up to a solid experience.  This was part of a self-directed Pub Crawl in Gateway District.  By the time I hit Greenhouse I'd been to about 5 other spots so I was ready to relax a bit and have something to eat.  I had been saving the eating portion of the night for Greenhouse and I'm glad I did.  There's so much to try here and it's tough to rate a place as eclectic as Greenhouse on a couple items so I'll just say that the food I had was very good, but not blow you off the bar stool great.  Everything else about the place was excellent.  I'll be back for sure and plan on eating some different items then and updating this review.
Part of a self-directed Pub Crawl in Gateway District, the Winking Lizard was an awesome venue!  Cool menu. Great beer selection. Tremendous bartender.  Good music.  A solid choice.  Definitely on the pub crawl agenda for 2015!
Parnell's is a decent pub.  Good beer selection and comfortable place.  This was part of a self-directed Pub Crawl in Gateway District.  I veered off course because Parnell's had such great reviews on Yelp.  I might return here if I was really close by but it wasn't amazing.  It was good.  People were friendly, beer was fine, place was clean, etc., but there was no wow factor and it just didn't seem as if anyone was having any fun here.  Probably just an off night.  Maybe there weren't any shows in town that night?  Anyway, don't avoid Parnell's based on my review but lower your expectations and eat before you go there.  I don't think they serve food.
Great Staff, Great coffee.  Great vegan baked goods.  Love this spot!
oh-ho-ho!!!!!  Yes, this is the place to start it all off!  Part of a self-directed Pub Crawl in Gateway District,  Flannery's was the start of the crawl and a very worthy opening pint it was!  I had the guinness (of course) and really enjoyed everything about the place.  Food was very good, service was excellent, atmosphere was fun and lively.  This is a perfect start to a wobbly evening on foot!
This was part of a self-directed Pub Crawl in Gateway District.  Kind of a cool spot.  Really gets busy as the night grows old and they work hard to keep everyone in high spirits!  Phenomenal beer selection, great staff, and it's just a fun place to hang out.
It is extremely rare (I think it may have only happened once) for me to give 5 stars on a first visit.  I think 5 stars should be reserved for places that are excellent on a consistent basis.  I was here with my daughter who has been here many times and she and her friends all confirmed that Happy Dog is consistently excellent every time so it just didn't seem fair not to give it the 5 stars it deserved on my visit.What is Happy Dog?  It's a neighborhood bar that serves hot dogs and fries.  It puts pretty much anything on the dogs that you could think of.  A variety of cheeses and veggies, goofy items like lucky charms, blue cheese coleslaw, pickles, chili, kraut, condiments...You sit at the bar (or a table if that's your style) and they give you a checklist like in a sushi place.  You pick out how you want your dog and give the server the slip.  Now enjoy a beer while you wait for your food.Oh, you only gave them one slip?  What's wrong with you!!!!! Get off your butt and fill out another slip!  You can't just try one crazy dog!  Expand your horizons and your waistline and get no less than two awesome happy dogs!!!Next time I return I'm ordering 3 happy dogs.  I'm staying here for a couple hours and I'm drinking at least 4 beers.  There's almost no reason to leave a place like Happy Dog and certinly no excuse for being in the area and not giving it a try!
Very well done.  Loved it and might even go back someday.
Strange.  Really strange.  Maybe going here on Halloween was a mistake...  I was the only guy there not dressed as a geisha.  Again, strange.  Punk rock band from Canada dancing and performing on stage.  OK.  Brought their parents to see them.  Strange.  Some guy is filming it.  OK.  On his phone.  Strange.  Bartender has an awkward expression, sort of like one might have if one's clergyman gave him a sex toy for his birthday.  A few local customers are crushed up against the wall as if someone on stage was releasing cooties into the air.  All of it just so strange.So what do you do?  I say sit your butt down, buy the nice guy in a japanese dress a drink and enjoy the show!  Pretty soon you're doing shots, dancing like an idiot and stumbling out into the street hoping you didn't give anyone your real phone number!  The Thirsty Parrot is the strangest place I've been in several years.  I had a decent time there.  The bartender was solid and the beer was cold.  I might go back someday, just not on Halloween!
This place is amazing!  Part of a self-directed Pub Crawl in Gateway District, I actually stumbled on Butcher & the Brewer looking for another place across the street.  It was new so I decided to check it out.  I had the Black IPA , some Sun Hollow Oysters and some Kumamoto oysters.  People around me were ordering food and it all looked great.  It's on the pricey side, the portions are small but the quality of everything is excellent.  It has a unique atmosphere and the great food and great beer brewed on premises make it a worthwhile stop.  I would not go to 4th St. without coming here.
Part of a self-directed Pub Crawl in the Gateway District, City Tap has a great beer selection.  It was quiet when I was there and the bartender was right on me when I sat down.  This is another permanent stop on the Cleveland Pub Crawl Olympics (I made that name up to justify anything stupid I might do on the pub crawl).  Anyway, this is a very comfortable, clean and interesting place.  Give it a shot!
Awesome!  Simply amazing food quality, great service, quaint atmosphere...  I love this place and can't wait to return!
Outstanding food, wonderful service and a funky atmostphere!  I love this place and can't wait to go back!
Fun spot right by Progressive Field and the Arena.  Decent Jukebox, decent beer selection, pop a shot game (nice!) sports on tv (awesome!) great staff.  Plenty of room unless a game just got out or is about to start.  There's a great vibe here.  People are going the extra distance to have a great time and it shows on their faces, in the volume and in the stickiness to parts of the floor.  I like a place that let's you unwind in a big way and that seems to be what this place is all about.  For me, this was part of a self-directed Pub Crawl in Gateway District and it totally woke me up and brightened my night.  Very glad I stopped in.
An excellent job power washing my home.  The employees were on time, courteous, and they worked quickly.  My house looks new and I couldn't believe the vast improvement in the appearance of the sidewalk.  Thank you, Labor Panes.
Went there a few weeks back and ordered the rib steak...it was delish, as well as the twice baked potato! We didn't get dessert but will next time!  Look forward to trying other things on the menu! May sit at the bar next time I go to see if the bartender has any skills!
Let me begin by saying that I will give this place credit for having a beautiful hotel and nice rooms.  However, I base this review on my most recent stay, which was greatly affected by poor and inefficient service...Everything was dandy until check out time... We give the bellhop desk a call about 10min prior to check out and end up waiting 45-55 minutes for someone to finally come up to the room.  I get that around check out, things can get busy, but you are a lovely, big arss hotel and have plenty of people on staff (I would think) to accommodate the number of guests you have on a Friday morning. Glad that we finally had someone to help with the luggage we picked up the car and gave the ticket to the bell desk at the front of the hotel, and proceeded to wait for our luggage for AN HOUR.  Finally after inquiring AGAIN about our luggage, they tell us we have to go to the other entrance of the hotel to pick up our luggage....how about you tell me that right after I GAVE YOU THE TICKET?  And hello customer service, why don't you send our luggage where we've been waiting for the past hour?  Thank you for wasting our time and having your ish together. So finally we drive to the other entrance, wait another 10min to get our stuff.  THANK GOD we didn't have plans to see a show or a flight to catch!  For such a nice hotel I am surprised at how they can have people there that operate this way.  I would be hesitant to stay there again just because of how frustrating and ridiculous that was. It's not like I took a flight across the country and had my luggage lost... Why does it take over 2 hours to leave a hotel???Hotel: 4-5 starsService: 1-2HENCE: 3 starsToodles.
After a very depressing trip up to AZ from CA to watch my Packers have arguably the worst game of their lives, my friends and I stopped here to eat before heading back to Los Angeles (6 hr drive). I had seen people pin recipes from here on Pinterest so I was always curious. The low down is this is good ol home country cookin. 2 of my friends went with the country fried steak and my boo went with the chicken "dumplins". I went for the Sunday special, home style chicken. Biscuits come with everything and I think everything came with 2 sides. My chicken was so good, 2 fried, juicy breasts. Then breading was amazing. It's too bad the dish I ordered wasn't a normal menu item and only a once a week item. Anyway, I got mashed potatoes and mac n cheese for my sides. The mac was soooo good, potatoes were just ok. Everyone enjoyed their food.  We were all so stuffed (portions were great) but we all were bummed to not be able to try the Coca Cola cake (just a really delicious chocolate cake), so we decided to split between the 4 of us. I was so good, hot and goey. This place isn't anything fancy but it is delicious comfort food for sure. Glad I got to try it, pretty sure there aren't any remotely close to LA.
This place is a lot of fun, but you definitely have to have the right sense of humor.The atmosphere is a great time and "Taco" (their main attraction: an entertaining fellow), will definitely get you chuckling, as he frequently pulls randoms in for lap dances (men and women alike), and sports a red thong.  The main concept is that the people working there are "dicks" to you, ie, they will harass and insult you, but it's all in good fun, you can dish it right back.  I would suggest going with a group for the most fun, but its a good place for drinking with friends and grabbing some food.  The prices for food may not be the most competitive (around $15 for chicken tenders--although delish), you are mostly paying for a fun atmosphere.  Good times, every time. Toodles
Once upon a time, bartenders knew how to make drinks....My friends and I were going into the Mirage to see "LOVE" and were approached by a promoter of the little lounge "King Ink" which is right near the entrance.  We were told "free entry for girls and guys + open bar until 12am".  Although skeptical of the "free entry" part, we decided to hit it up after our show.  Of course, "free entry" turned into "reduced entry" for everyone.  We still went in... Too bad there were only 2 bartenders in the entire place, and on top of that, one was doing "tricks" half the time (ie, throwing a bottle up, and catching it--wooooo).  Now, although the lack of staff was in play, that still didn't make my final judgement of the place.  The drinks had no alcohol.  Thank you for the cranberry juice.  So basically "open bar" means free cranberry juice, or tonic, or whatever you prefer (as long as it's not alcohol). The place is pretty small, being that it is a lounge, and kind of weird that it's attached to the tattoo removal place and has jewelry that is for sale in display cases around the place (which would I guess make it kind of cool in a different way...), if not for the other factors we faced.  Like I said,  it's little too small and packed to be a chill lounge or to be super fun, in my opinion. Plus, "open bar" or not, it gets annoying waiting at the bar for a million years for a lousy virgin beverage because only 2 people are manning the bar.IN CONCLUSION:  This place pulled the classic "bait and switch"...promised free entry and an open bar...but when we get to the place it's 1) reduced entry cover  2) open bar--BUT, sorry we only have 2 bartenders for a busy ass lounge that take their time doing strange tricks and PS you are not getting alcohol with your "open bar"--nice try.  PASS!
These guys are awesome. Had a great class and am stoked I am now a certified Padi diver! Thank you Academy Of Scuba, David Sexton, and Dori Booth!Quality shop, equipment and top notch instructors. Very satisfied here.
My family has been going to Northcross Eye Assoc for years and have always been happy with Dr. Crawford. I wish I could say the same for the staff. Over the years there have been some issues with some staff but last month was the final straw. My daughter was back from college for only a few days and we had an appointment. I told them when we got there she would like both a eye glass exam and a contact exam but I was told by the receptionist that they had no time for that because they close early on Friday but she did have 3 months to come back without paying for another exam. I explained she doesn't live here but was told that's their "policy." I then explained I had to go across the street to pick up something and I would be back by the Dr.'s exam. When I came back the same rude receptionist said I was not allowed back in the exam room to see my daughter or talk to the Dr. because she wasn't sure what room my daughter was in and she wasn't going to knock on doors in case there were other patients. I actually asked her " you really aren't going to let me see my daughter?" And she said "there's nothing I can do." Unbelievable! My daughter called from college today asking for her prescription and they refused to give it to her until I paid the $39 balance which was billed last week and not even due yet. I hate to blame Dr Crawford but he must do the hiring. If you want ANY customer service I would not recommend this office.
My husband and I had a terrible experience with this dealership and just now reading the most current reviews I realize we weren't the only ones. We found a used vehicle on-line and my husband went to the dealership to look it over. He worked with Don, who told him it couldn't be sold due to a recall but once fixed he could buy it. My husband reiterated his interest and asked Don if he could start the financing which he was told, No, not until the car was fixed. Don kept in contact with us for a number of weeks. Finally, we got a call saying the car was due back from the dealership and could my husband come back in. My husband said yes but noticed they increased the internet price by $1,000. My husband questioned the price increase and was told they had to fix a number of things including the recall. Mind you the recall is fixed for free. Regardless, we were still wanting to buy the car. There was some phone tag going on about the exact day to come in but then he was told it was going to be another day or so before they got it back. The next day, literally in the middle of the afternoon, Don calls and says when can you get here? the car is ready. My husband tells Don he can be there soon he's about 20 mins away. Don calls back and asks "How close are you?" My husband says 5 minutes away. Don responds "ah some one else is looking at the car." Needless to say My husband sat there and watched another couple test drive and then buy the car. My husband tried to talk to a manager who could care a less and didn't even apologize. Don actually asked my husband if he wanted to wait around to see if the financing fell through? This is the most unprofessional, disorganized dealership we have ever experienced and we have 5 cars. I left a message for a Manager and I was never called back so I put in a complaint to the National Office. Funny only then did we get a response from Robert Cole, Managing Partner. He apologized for our mistreatment but he didn't have all the information correct and it's very apparent they have no customer loyalty. He even said others were equally disappointed they didn't get the car either. This dealership only wants to make a sale and doesn't care about the customer. I can only imagine how we would be treated if we actually bought a car here and had any issues.
2nd time here. I have only ordered pho here. This time I ordered the chicken, shiitake mushroom, and bok choy. (No noodles). I felt so compelled to write this review because the broth was intensely delicious. So much flavor along with the mushrooms was absolutely exquisite! There was nothing else to add to it to "enhance" the flavor.  They have a great recipe and I absolutely recommend this place. It is quite far out of the city but worth it. I don't even order a drink because it's that good.
I called to place the order, spoke with a nice young man. Ordered a cheesepizza with extra cheese! So delicious! There is really no reason for any additional toppings or condiments, the pizza stands alone! The sauce is noticeably homemade which is nice considering that many pizza places use a generic sauce. Also ordered garlic knots! So soft, buttery, garlicky, and heavenly!! Definitely one of my favorites! I picked up and the people there were extremely nice! Will be ordering a lot more often!!
I had just gotten out of a very stressful day at the good ol' j.o.b. when I luckily stumbled upon this PHENOMENAL nail salon. As soon as I walked in I was greeted by two young ladies and was approached and asked what I wanted to get done. Lihn did my gel manicure which is THE BEST gel manicure ive ever had! She made sure it was as  close to perfect as it could be. They do use hot stones which feel so good against your calves and feet! They even give you actual sandals (not those thin foam "sandals") to  wear if you dont bring the right shoes for a pedi. They were very friendly and they were professional, to make matters even better they didnt break the bank. Will be going back! Such a great experience!
Amazing! Such. Great service, even better food! So fresh, so crisp! First time here but I will be returning. Inside and outside seating. Great menu selection. Easy to read. With plenty of customization options. We had the two kabob plates with rice, warm pita, and a side of Greek salad. Huge and delicious portions. Chicken was cooked perfectly. Grilled  crunchy but soft on the inside.Rice well cooked too. The salad was my favorite. Just the right amount of every ingredient with every bite.  We opted for sitting outside since it was nice that day. They brought our food to the table. Had a great time. They are well priced and with the amount of food you get its well worth every penny.
I called the day before to compare prices from other places that I had inquired about. From that first call they invited me to bring my car and they had a 35% cheaper price than other places. I made up my mind that I was coming here. I got here at 7:30 and Tim helped me immediately and got my car ready to go. The process was easy, the view outside was amazing and they answered all my questions. They offer all maintenance and repairs for all vehicles. The waiting area is spotless and in the month of February they have coupons. Between today and the 15th they have additional savings for Presidents' Day. I did my full synthetic oil change for 40$ which is a bargain. I usually spend about 70$ when I do it myself. And other places where charging me 90$! I had a nail in one of my tires, but got two new ones that needed to be replaced. I also replaced my battery. Tim was helpful and suggested I apply for a credit line which I did.  So! I'm also getting 6 months with no interest! I will definitely come back here. I had an amazing experience and everyone was professional!
I have ordered from Lucki Thai a few times and they deliver not only quickly but correctly too. My all time favorite dish is their pad see ew without question. They have a perfect proportion of Thai Tea too. Some places make it too sweet or too much milk or not enough milk lol. They get it right every time. Their minimum $$ amount to order is well below other places around the area. So if you are ordering for yourself you don't have to spend 50$ to get food to your door. I haven't been to the actual restaurant yet. Regardless, they have amazing Thai, crispy egg-rolls,and shrimp tempura that is not oozing with oil!
Overall it was good. Before going inside there was a line out the door, however seating was immediate. They brought over water and took the order. Spring rolls came first which were delicious. Then the calamari (which I did send back because of the amount of grease pouring out of it). Then the vegan ph was served. It was delicious. I've been here before and it's always a hit with me! Absolutely fresh and flavorful. Not too salty! Great amount of veggies, and plenty of smiling faces. Good place for large families although expect a longer than usual wait time for a table! They are always busy
My second favorite pizza place in the country! They have simple cheese pies or! Delicious new combinations of dressings and things you don't normally see in a pie. One of my favorites they have is the Involtini di Prosciutto! Prosciutto wrapped around baby arugula and goat cheese. With more cheese shaved on top balsamic and olive oil on top. You can never go wrong with the cheese pie. Which one person can eat themselves! Or order a couple and share. I love the little marks the food gets because it comes straight from the oven. Such delicious tasting food! They are busy! I've never had to wait long for a table though. They have an awesome menu so no matter what you pick I am sure you will enjoy!
I came here once and i had really high hopes for this place. The flavors werent all there and ive had better at the thai place by my house. Super overpriced for what youre getting. The seats are uncomfortable and to speak to anyone else at the table I literally had to lean across the table. It was nice to look at but I wouldnt spend my money there again.
Never enough parking unless you're there at 2am. People always hogging machines.. Sitting texting, taking calls.. Females in groups around the machines..  People don't get it.. Work out and shut up!
How do you NEGATIVE rate this place?  "Monta Japanese Noodle House was shut down by the Southern Nevada Health District after a routine inspection found 47 demerits on March 12.Violations included spoiled food, potentially hazardous food stored at improper temperatures and staff not properly washing their hands. Also among the citations, an inadequate number of hand washing sinks and ineffective pest control measures." I went here once.. And some days later they shut the place down.. HECKA gross!
I was in desperate need of a haircut, my hair was unruly, dry, brittle and just an absolute mess. Vanessa reached out to me after I had sent a Yelp message to the salon. We made an appointment and she was kind to confirm the day prior (that is a necessity for me since my schedule is booked up and NEED reminders). I got the salon and she directed me to their own little spot where there was another client. Their place was nicely decorated and had a great vibe. Vanessa asked me questions about my hair routine, what I use.. And she responded to my questions as well. She told me everything she was doing to my hair as she was doing it. She didn't pull or damage my hair even further, she brought my hairs bounce and curls back! She showed me products for my hair but not once did she turn into a salesperson. That is appreciated. The next day she texted me and asked how my hair held up to the treatment, which was absolutely kind of her since no other hairdresser has ever done that. I definitely recommend this girl! Going back to get my ends trimmed in some weeks for sure! Glad to have found her. THANK YOU VANESSA!!
I called them today and they had someone clean my mattress within hours. They clean everything from cars to furniture to carpet!! Mario did an excellent job and I couldn't be happier! My mattress was dry that same day! And he was also kind enough to clean the carpet around my bed! I'm glad I called and I will definitely keep in mind the array of services this locally owned company offers!
You know. EVERY TIME I order take out I ask for ginger. I'm trying to open the bag to DOUBLE check they put ginger in my order. EVERY TIME!!! They forget! I'm not even kidding! I'm sick! Of having to ask. This time they didn't even let me open the bag cause they were SURE!! I had ginger. Get home. NO GINGER! Why!!? Do I have to open the bag and PROVE to every worker there that I am ASKING for ginger and get none every time. I called and informed them of the mishap for the 80th time it happened (yes the amount is an exaggeration but you get it) then was told to come back.. Like nah. I'm not driving back!!!! I'm taking one star away for this reason alone. So frustrating. So I apologize this "rant" because you may think it's just about ginger but it's not. It's about the **doubt**I go through whenever I order. The disappointment from the reassurance I receive when I SPECIFICALLY ask to check. Ridiculous.
It's only appropriate and about time I did a review for my all time favorite banking facility. Let me begin by saying that over the last TEN YEARS! I've had the life experience of having a bank account at basically everywhere. From credit unions, to state banks, to other national banks! Time and time AGAIN! I always come back to Wells Fargo. I've gotten credit cards, car loans, countless checking and savings accounts, INSURANCE!! (Renters and auto), student loans, personal loans, specially ordered money, and as of lately the service I have turned down is that new prepaid card they offer. Point being. By far the best customer service, always understanding, and I have had overdrafts which I have gotten reversed! I've never really had any major or even minor issues with them. I have just reached my 10th year anniversary with them as a my bank, and I couldn't be happier! I'm on this stage coach for good!
Oh.... this place. There is a reason I stay away from doing negative reviews. However, this place has absolutely earned to be discussed, or be a topic of discussion for once in my yelp roster to help those in search for a women's medical practice. From the time I walked in, the front desk receptionist was cold, short, and on the phone on a personal call while handing me a clipboard with papers to fill out. Standard. the wait was short. I was called in, weighed, then I was directed to a waiting room. I stayed in that waiting room for over and hour and a half. Finally when I came out to ask what the hold up was, they proceeded to apologize and tell me that the Dr. was called in for an emergency at the hospital. That is completely understandable. Emergencies are that, emergencies. However, you do not leave a patient WAITING without informing them of what is happening, or what are the options available. Let me, as a patient make the decision to wait or to reschedule. That is called basic communication between two parties. You are being paid to be there. I am NOT! With that said, I left. They told me I could reschedule, it was too late for that. I never went back. I called my insurance and told them to NOT pay any invoices if the office had the audacity to bill them. Waste of time, resources, and energy. Never again.
Awesome staff and great firstChips and fish experience!! :)
There aren't enough words to describe how much I love this place! They have a bountiful amount of great vegan treats, distinct flavors for your coffee, and delicious food! Super comfy places to sit (inside or outside)  and with the new remodeling more chiq than ever. Great artwork and atmosphere, the baristas are always absolutely helpful and kind. If you want phenomenal coffee, this is your place!
I only come here for the almond milk tea boba. Delicious! Great flavor! Even better boba! Also their Thai tea is scrumptious!!
I have flown in a couple of airlines and by far Delta has the friendliest and most helpful staff. I choose to fly with them every time even if their seats arent as spacious as Jet Blue (another favorite) Last month when I flew with them I arrived late to check in (my fault -i'm not from new york and their traffic is killer - still my fault i was late) anyway.. They allowed me to take my luggage through security and they checked it in at the gate and they were very helpful and got me through the speedy security screeening. On the flight home to Vegas they moved me to the economy comfort seat and was treated to free alcoholic drinks cause the card swiper wasnt working. I dont get free stuff all the time but they are always very calm and dont yell or scorn you and they look for solutions to help you out.
We came here last Friday for my fathers birthday! We had a reservation and it was busy! They set up our area and our drink orders where taken. Shortly after when everyone was seated our food orders were taken and then chefs came through with the ingredients for our food. We had an amazing and absolute fun time. The chef was very interactive with our group and the group that was seated with us. Delicious food! We even ordered rolls and extra salads! Our drinks were always filled up! Great portions, so much so we all had enough for a couple of meals to take home. They did bring out a birthday dessert for my father, and Cindy and another server even did a little cute dance to make things more enjoyable! I will DEFINITELY goback! Service, food, and people were great! If you haven't experienced it I HIGHLY recommend you do so soon!
I will say, this place is really clean and streamed lined. They have an okay menu and the atmosphere is hip I guess. I wasn't impressed and to be honest I don't have much to say other than they got my order wrong and when I brought it up to the servers attention, she kind of just meh. Offered to take the salad back with extreme hesitance. I bought a cup of coffee which tasted like run-off water from a previously brewed batch. You guys need to brew better coffee. I'm also tired of these places charging $15 dollars per person to dine. 5 Star fine dining I'll pay that per dish or more. Not a place I will be  returning.
Well priced. Away from tourist location. Good spacing between seats. I go here very often. If there is an issue they will fix it right away!
If your not happy with their service they'll personally take their time and make sure to fix whatever issue you have.
Shops like this one are extremely rare in Vegas. What I loved first and foremost is that you can immediately tell the location of the store since the stripes are colorful and big to see from any angle in the street so you're not running up and down the street trying to figure out where you are going. Once you get to the door its really cool since you get this retro feel as you walk in (Dont forget to place money to the lucky Keiko Cat waving you in for good fortune). Aside from the stripes the next thing that blew my mind is the Mortal Combat arcade machine that is playable. (Not that I am any good at it) There is a super Nintendo, and a PlayStation AND a Nintendo64. Rob is the owner and he is knowledgeable about hip hop music and the skateboarding that merges those two things together. He is super nice and hes quite devoted to his impact on the community with cool workshops going on about once a week I believe. The shop host gaming nights which are really fun since there is a level of competition that reminds you of your younger days when you'd play against your friends lol If you haven't seen I did post pictures of my DOPE Wonder Woman tee (which there are only a limited amount of)! There are skating decks, sneakers, and clothes from unique brands from London, New York, and Las Vegas. I've been there a couple of times and Rob always has something new to show lol oh! Before I forget!! There is a glass case full of cool retro stuff (tapes YES!! TAPES and comic books and cool figurines), all the different kinds of cool stickers you could think of to peruse and the coolest Link canvas I've ever seen hanging just behind that. I'm definitely going back cause there are some things that are for sale but not on the website! I'm glad I found this place for sure. Thanks Rob!
I had my nails done here last month as a last minute solution. When I arrived they had a person on every single possible chair, however I was helped immediately and they started my pedi on the spot. I got a mani/pedi and I was happy with their service. Until, the nail polish (a light pink) turned a weird yellow the following week and on both my mani and pedi the polish started to crack and fall off (and yes, I do work inside. So environment isn't an issue)The people were really nice overall, I'm just not sure what they are using is fresh or new or old polish, top coats, or whatever else they use. I've never had a pedi peeling in three days.
Anything related to spirits or any alcohol you are seeking in ANY size is findable in this store! We went in looking for wine and ended up with... Let's just say more than we needed! Things are sectioned off with the kind of liquor it is, and they also have some of the most popular things chilled in the back coolers. The checkout is quick! And there's enough and close parking. For these hot days in Vegas that's always a good thing!
I have been here quite a few times, and I have tried different things. My all time fail-safe item to order is the turkey pesto grilled sandwich. The combination of flavors is quite difficult to not love. I've tried their pastrami sandwich and I've also ordered the plain grilled cheese which truth be told was disappointing. I love their pumpkin loaf!! I don't buy it because the time I did I ate the entire thing in one day :( it's that good. Their bread is all flavorful. I haven't had any that I didn't like. The baked bread changes on a daily basis but you know what to expect and when since they do have a sign as to what they bake on a weekly basis separated into everyday of the week. The decor is simply cute. Reminds me of an older generation house hold. The store front and restrooms are clean always. The only thing keeping me from rating the five stars are the girls working there. Not to say they don't do their job, they just don't seem to ever want to be there and are plain flat when talking to them. Again, the items are all amazing. I just wish the people employed there were more interactive.
"Updating" as a reply for the owner. Firstly: I never said nor stated I am strictly vegan. NOT being vegan however, doesn't diminish nor make my inquiries any less valid. My personal dietary restrictions don't take away my concerns for what is in your food that I am PAYING for and putting in my body. I'm flattered you dug through my other reviews though. Secondly: How are you going to dispute ME on what YOUR employee SAID TO ME - To go and visit the taco shop around there. Because yes, he also is NOT vegan (like I told him I wasn't!)and eats at the taco shop when he doesn't want to eat where he works. Obviously you weren't there because if you were I would have received all this information on the spot. Which leads us toMy third point: I appreciate you giving us information about the food (now). The problem you STILL FAIL to realize AND address, is that NOWHERE on your website, or menus can we have the knowledge of (and verify) ingredients and the sources. You said it yourself!! All those other places are frozen , pre-made etc. So we're suppose to just now take your word on the basis that you "exposed" other establishments? That's what I meant when I said you have a responsibility as a VEGAN establishment to provide this information TRANSPARENTLY and have it READILY available to support your claim. It's nowhere to be found. If you don't understand what I am asking for with "What are your ingredients for your all your vegan protein?" I cant help you. That is as clear as I can make it. This IS about Panchos, not any other place. Fourth: To be fair here. I read a couple of reviews BEFORE writing mine because I said to myself  "Am I? Am I the only one who thinks this way?" And no! I am not alone. Read some four star reviews, even five star reviews and you'll see where I get what I am saying in my review. Your customer base (not all) says your establishment is out of items constantly, the drink selection is minuscule to bare minimum and I got the "hole in the wall" reference from another two reviews. I was not the first one. So maybe even if reviews give you four or five stars, you should read them. Or don't. It's your business. Lastly: This is very audacious of you. "Simply for the fact that we are 100% vegan, non-gmo and low sodium... your life just got healthier."Why cause  low sodium? Just because you believe that less sodium is good for you shows me how uninformed you personally really are. The scientific community has never come to consensus  that less sodium is best for everyone. Low sodium IS better when you've overloaded your system with it or if you have an intolerance to it. I am not in need of low sodium or non-gmo. I am in need of less calories. Which is what most of your dishes are NOT. Based on what I was served (NOT HOW MUCH I ATE) alone, it contained all my calories for one 24 hour period... a detriment to MY diet. Why would you think eating out at your establishment is making MY life healthier? How do you know I'm not having a cheat meal at your restaurant? Healthy = is a dish with protein equivalent to fats and carbs OR high volume (A LOT OF FOOD) but low fat/low carb. Again, something the dishes served here aren't. 'When people say that Pancho's Vegan Tacos is a "fast food" place.. makes me wonder.' Wonder no more. I just answered it for you.  If I ate here everyday I would become morbidly obese. It doesnt fit the healthy profile based on the proportions of carbs/protein or volume/carbs to MAINTAIN a healthy lifestyle. Personally, I maintain a strict diet so that I can eat out often. Unfortunately, I cant do that here.I will check out your new location once it opens and the old one closes, maybe you'll have the nutrition facts and I will surely update my review then.
I LOOOOVE this place!! The ambiance, the lighting, the service.. Top notch! Monkey bread definitely one of my faves! Totally worth it!!
Not only do I get my drinks correct every time, I also get my discount for being a B&N member! Coffee and books!? Can't lose!
WOWZERS! This is such a treat to review! The roasted coffee bean smell that hits your nostrils before you even walk in is absolutely intoxicating. I ordered a straight old fashioned macchiato. The sacks from imported coffee beans are really cool to look at. The place is decorated beautifully. People are always there enjoying their coffee, and their selection. The barista was helpful with information. He didnt rush me, he was kind, and was not bothered when I had questions and was attentive. They are reasonably priced and the quality of coffee exceeds what many other coffee places claim to have and be. Great selection for those have some dietary restrictions as well.
Edamame beans soaked in garlic, ginger, chili!! BOMB!!
I have nothing but great things to say about this location. They are frinedly and they are are taking excellent care of my vehicles. I always get there in the morning just in case there are other customers, and im always in and out of there in less than half an hour. I was just there on Saturday and they reminded me I needed new wipers. That was a complete life saver since it rained for two days straight after that. They always inspect my vehicles and make recommendations based on the type, and the severity of condition and what needs to be done. I have complete trust in this team and my cars are still in great shape after years of ownership!
My first time here and it was absolutely amazing!! Surprisingly superb beer selection. Our server was very helpful, made great suggestions and was genuinely kind.. Great place!!!
My favorite golds by far. Machines are always clean! People do their sets and move on. Lots of people lifting heavy things!! Plus: bathrooms are always spotless.!! Awesome! Love it!!
If you want no wait.. Come pump gas really early or really late. The only credit card accepted is American Express (March of 2016 they will begin to accept visa). All debit cards are accepted. Their gasoline is rated Top Tier as well. Just on gas savings alone I double my membership back yearly. Keep in mind the 2% cash back does NOT apply to gasoline. I'm also posting a picture with the times since there currently isn't an accurate one floating around.
I have literally been looking for a place to wash my car for over a week. I've gone to quite a few car washes only to find that my car needs more cleaning, or a wipe here, a better vacuuming.. Something! I trust my fellow Yelpers so I have been doing research this whole time until I stumbled upon Sin City. I called the night before and received an appointment time quickly. Later on that night I received a text asking if my time could be moved sooner which was great with me! The guys were right on time! My car looks amazing! They cleaned every nook and cranny of it. The whole thing took about an hour, which was of no problem since I was at home doing homework while my car was being cleaned. I love the convenience of it! I also love the fact that entire hour was dedicated to my car alone. And I cannot stress how amazing my car smells, looks, and feels! My cars paint has come back to life! Idk what they use but it's great! I will totally be calling these guys again!
I came back and Jay helped me. I have to say his attention to detail, his precision, and carefulness made all the difference. He did phenomenal work on my gel set. Nothing short of the best set I've ever gotten. From my last review, they reached out and made sure that my concerns were corrected. I appreciate that and I will be returning to Jay for my next polish change! Thank you!
My most favorite spot for a late night bite! They have a happy hour menu after 11pm! Everyone is always helpful and happy even when it's busy! I highly recommend sitting at the bar! This place has a special place in my heart and tummy! Food is always served fresh and quickly! Let the chefs know what you like and they'll whip something up for you! It's close to the strip but it's definitely a locals "spot"!
Love the shakes!
This is my hometown airport. So. With that in mind..  this is the BEST and FASTEST terminal I've ever used. There is parking galore! You have both short term (0-3 hours) or long term (up to 30 days). You may park in either. There is always parking nearby the entrances. The drop off area is continually moving and there has always been a spot to pull into. Check in lines are always short, never overcrowded, the stores are always kept clean. The restrooms are the best smelling bathrooms ever! They are equipped with large stalls, soap is always filled, and there's always paper to dry your hands. The waiting areas again, always clean. There's always an airport employee sweeping and picking up the little pieces of garbage left behind by others. There's plenty of charge up stations and as well as plugs available around the terminal that you may use. If there is a need to use terminal one, there are two trams that may take you and leave you at whichever terminal you need. There are slots machines, which may be an attraction for tourist. And of course there is a variety of stores of food to choose from. There's never been an issue using this terminal and I will always try to choose airlines that land or depart from there.
My cheat meal for last week was here! I had the Cole Turkey!!! Which was absolutely phenomenal! I also had a bite of their cheesesteak! And their cheddar and ham hoagie! The cole turkey is still my favorite to this day! It's cole slaw with turkey with a dressing that is basically crack! Good crack!  the cheesesteak was delicious too! It was warm and cheesy and moderate spicy (you could still speak think and enjoy your food spicy). Their prices for their sandwiches and rolls and whatever you want to call them is absolutely reasonable for the great tasting food and quality you get! I will always be a customer for this business! And I do have to add that their consistency between shops is AMAZING! Thank you for making your food fresh and keeping food the same in all your outlets.
We will never return here. There were barbers talking in the back while people are waiting to be helped. Then finally when we get sat, some guy who had previously come in starts getting upset cause they told him to come back at 4:30 and of course they had no one to help him, then another barber steps up and starts borderline threatening this man. This entire situation was so uncomfortable and we're sitting there looking at each other not trying to make things worse. The haircut itself was completely over priced. The reason the barber gave us for that was because he had a part. Never have we been charged 30$ for a haircut, AND waited for an hour. Which waiting was no surprise because we are aware of the politics that go on in barber shops. The last chair barber we were serviced by did not line up the hairline with a razor but was able to cut his face with the machine for some reason. We left there with his face red and irritated.The entire process was frustrating, hostile, and unprofessional to say the least. We picked this place for the good reviews it had and it was very disappointing to have the experience we did.
I've been to this location once, the location on the west side of town, and the one they closed down the street from this one. I'm not sure what happened, their service used to be top notch at the closed location. The placing of the tables in this new location are awkwardly away from everyone, so much so you seem so far from everything (especially your server). The atmosphere is red dim light and art all over but you can't really appreciate it since it's too dark to be able to tell what things are, or the color of food on your plate. I always get the sangria pitcher, which is my favorite. Red or white, both good. Dates wrapped in bacon with blue cheese is still a favorite of mine. The salmon toast aren't that good in my opinion. The rest of the menu of good too. Depends on what you like more, sweet or salty. I haven't been back here and probably won't be for a while. However, I'm hoping my next visit reminds me why I used to go here so often.
I typically stay as far as possible from buffets. However after many good things I kept hearing of this place we went. Dinner for  adults is 27$ per adult and 18$ for children 8 and under (Tuesday). They had great selections of cold salads. The pasta selection was delicious and well cooked. The desserts were absolutely delectable. They do have a fresh pho station, and the food was constantly being changed. I was satisfied with the food overall. One of the awkward moments was the amount of servers for the amount of tables they had. It took us 11 minutes to finally get the server (he would run by with stacks on stacks of plates ) and then another 6 min to get my coffee. (you do have the option of getting lattes and specialty drinks at the dessert bar though)  The cashiers didnt even make eye contact. The hostesses were even more rude. I understand the speedy nature of the place but some more interaction with your guest would be nice.
I have been to a couple of animal hospitals over the course of my life. By far, Green Valley Animal Hospital has been the cleanest, friendliest, and the fastest in service. I took in my Savannah to get spayed. I called before taking her in and made an appointment a couple days before. I did take her later in the day and the overnight stay is required. Yes, they spay often and many animals however, they didn't rush me in saying goodbye to my pet. They were understanding and even offered empathy to the situation. The next day I went to pick up my cat and the vet was very thorough in explaining to us what the home care procedure was. She even offered extra medication in case we ran out. The check out was quick, and there was only one other person waiting to be helped. I am satisfied with the entire experience. They took care of me and my friend. Thank you.
I've truly only had one item here. That is their shrimp fried rice! Absolutely spectacular! My MOST favorite fried rice of all time!! Inexpensive and quick and flavorful and soooo fricking good! If I could have it more often I would! :D
Been with Box since 2009. Currently located on Tivoli Village. Bree (who has waxed me and am proud to disclose that lol) has created a harmonious and relaxing atmosphere. There are not enough descriptive words to explain how great everyone is. Ive been waxed by all their staff and each single individual deserves recognition honestly! Ive gotten the full brazilian, my legs, my eyebrows, underarms waxed here. (All at once and separately at times) Everyones skin is different so everyone will react differently. With that said, I have minimal swelling but goes away by the time i get home. Waxing is waxing and with the course of time as your hair gets thinner, it just hurts less until one day you end up like me with little to no pain. It is by appointment only, (if you're in a hurry they do have a wait list and will call you when an empty slot comes up) which is great because they WILL use that time to focus on you and only you! You can read as many reviews as possible but there is no better action than booking your appointment and feeling the experience and meeting everyone for yourself. Afterwards, drink some of the tea they have and sit back and enjoy the new you that has surfaced!! I am that type of person to jump from place to place until I find THE place. After working with these amazing artist! I am loyal forever! Thank you Bree!!
Poke bowl always a must! GREAT beer selection and specialty beers.. Very knowledgeable staff! Everything on the menu is delicious!! Happy hour or not.. Place is always packed with a great atmosphere!! Have become a weekly regular!!
This place just became one of my top three sushi spots! Great presentation! Great atmosphere and the chefs at the bar are of great conversation and know how to deliver good laughs! The super white fish that I had is by far some of the best tasting kind I've enjoyed. Definitely on a must come back soon list for me.
Om nom nom. I was never a big fan of Kenzo (except for their takoyaki balls) and was pleased to be introduced to Sansotei which is waaaay better. I always order the tonkotsu with the sansotei noodles. The milky broth here is the only soup part of noodle soup that I'll ever actually drink. The pork belly isn't as melt in your mouth as the first time I tried it when this place first opened but it's still good. I definitely like the slightly runny egg. Their ramen great in cold weather when you can drop in for a quick hot bowl before running back outside. It's a tiny space and fine for showing up solo and the service is quick. Not so great for groups bigger than three persons.
The reviews here have been accurate. Really nice patio with the sound of a water fountain and shade. Nice place to sit and relax but the food is mediocre for a restaurant that's aiming to be upscale/bistro-like. Went here for Summerlicious and my meal came out to $23 + tip. I ordered the curry chowder (really it's a vegetable broth), trout on rice with steamed vegetables, and lemon-coconut cake. It was decent and simple but I swear I can make the same soup and entree myself at home without paying to have it plated at a nice restaurant.A coworker sent back a soggy pasta and received half off the price of the Summerlicious menu. Slow service.
Great concept!  Exposed brick walls, woodsy interior, green design. I've been here a few times for different events like a tech start up talk and a university study on voting patterns. It's a progressive concept in that it rents shared office space specifically for non-profit organizations.
Quirky space in a historical inn. I loved the art and installations pieces scattered throughout including custom furniture art...chandeliers tied artfully to the ceiling, globule shaped fireplaces, nooks for candles, a secret space under the stairs, several floors and a long medieval stone passage leading to a dungeon like basement.Went here for a costume party and not the food. Totally different feel at night vs daytime.
Went here for a strong latte once and a Yerba mate the other time. The big tattooed guy working there speaks Spanish (possibly from spending lots of time in South America where Yerba mate originates). He's very knowledgable about explaining the art of Yerba mate to newbies.I enjoy the warm, peaceful, cosy environment and will be back again to relax and enjoy a hot bevy.
I go here whenever I have a cupcake craving. It's a bit steep for two regular size cupcakes (about $3.25 each). I usually order the red velvet and keep an eye out for any new specialty flavours. The best seasonal cupcake was the gingerbread that came out around Christmas. Other than that, the neon blue and green icing on the other cupcakes are worth it for the show. The place has renovated but it's still small enough that you just grab your order and go. Lovely packaging.
I checked out this place as a part of Burger Week. Had a spicy Texan burger (I think that's what it was called) that had cheese stuffed INSIDE the patty. It was great! And actually quite spicy which made the day feel even hotter. The presentation is just a tray and a huge almost tipping-over burger. The space is very stuffy and smoky from the kitchen. But the owner turned on the air-conditioning upon request and seemed very keen to make sure that my burger was done to spec.
I can't stand this place mostly for the schmoozy, wheeling-dealing meet-market vibe on Thursday nights (and most days). Popular with the suit crowd. It has a great location on Bay St. and super convenient. Easy to spot with its flaming torches framing the patio. It looks exclusive and distinct but it's not really not that special. I find it kind of sleazy.Good for post-work drinks and a power lunch that'll set you back $30 for fusion sushi that isn't that good (think kiwi slice and raspberry sauce on rolls). There was a mumps outbreak a few years ago among the staff and Ki had to shut down for months. I haven't returned since.
Definitely a hipster diner. The eggs Benedict was much artier than I expected with tiny portions arranged on a big, white pig shaped plate.The crab cake thing was divine, the smoked meat was waaaay too salty though crisped nicely and the eggs Benny were like little cakes themselves with eggs on top.We had a great seat in the vitrine facing the street which was good for people watching. The latte was semi-strong though sadly without latte foam art.The poutine was mustard seed flavoured which made it sour. I'd like to try the lobster grilled cheese but alas did not see it on the menu. Great brunch spot close to hotels located on Ste Antoine and away from the touristy stuff in Old Montreal.
I have no idea how to pronounce the name of this mom and pop joint ("oh gee boeggee"??) but it seems like a reliable place to get authentic Korean food. I can't really tell the difference between it and some of the many family owned Korean restaurants on Yonge and Finch. I suspect only hardcore fans can really discern the nuances. That said, the food was fine, the atmosphere was smoky. A cheap and cheerful meal though Chowon on Drewry Ave. has a slight edge on quality.
I've been going here for the last 10 years and it has become comfort food to me. It has never changed and I don't want it to. It feels like you're dining at someone's eclectic home complete with National Geographic-like photos of Ethiopia on the walls.I regularly order the vegetarian byanatuu for two. It's perfect for sharing and well priced. It's not world class Ethiopian but its solid and reliable. Every time I try somewhere else, I always miss the way this place cuts the veggies and the spice ratio. Like Mom's cooking in that it's not the best food but you miss it when someone does the same thing differently. Friendly service.
Trendy hipster joint that has a Canadian interpretation of good ol'American Southern BBQ. Nice touch with the popcorn and two sauces (red and yellow) and old skool 90's cartoons on the TV behind the bar. The bar seats are the best because you can watch the bartenders move about.We ordered the rib dinner with sausage and three sides for $35, which is a good deal considering the giant meat platter that soon arrived. Nice presentation with each side dish on its own little skillet.The funnily named, Goldman Sacked, dessert was OK...I'd recommend the warm pecan tart with a glob of cinnamon gelato melting on top. The overall price for all that food wasn't as high as I thought it would be and I wasn't crazy stuffed either, which is a good thing considering all the food that was had.Needs more parking options.
Yeah I would agree with the previous reviews. Three of us ordered some cookies out of the display case on a Saturday morning after going to the farmer's market at Wychwood. I've mostly seen this place closed but always thought it looked interesting with its stylish black painted exterior, shades pulled down tight and white Leah lettering. I wasn't sure if it was an interior design shop, real estate office, coffee shop or other (it's mostly a dessert shop in case you haven't figured it out). The peanut butter cookie was good but I'm sure anyone could make a decent homemade one. The date square tasted like the fridge and not too fresh. Service was aloof and unsmiling. Cost was too high IMHO and since it's a small place, you can't just walk in and walk out without feeling you should buy a least a lil' something. My curiosity has been satisfied. I'll probably try some of the other neighbouring cupcake and dessert shops to see how they compare.
Liver is good for you. Especially when its topped with caramelized onions, bacon and sitting on a bed of mashed potatoes with steamed vegetables on the side. This authentic diner was recommended to me in a Yelp newsletter and I'm certainly glad I tried it. You get 15% if you check-in but make sure you tell the server BEFORE you order (read the fine print). As you can tell, I ordered the liver dinner entree which was juicy and oh-so-livery flavoured. The vegetables were standard steamed, and buttered.The latte was decent and just strong enough but not too strong as I was still able to sleep that night. The diner serves organic milk which is thoroughly marketed on the menu but I couldn't really tell the difference in taste. But it certainly affects the price of anything dairy (ie. the tiny but tasty mac and cheese appetizer for $10).The decor consists of some solid wood booths with coat hangers just like the ones you'd see in the 1920s. It was quiet on a Thursday night which made for a peaceful dinner nomming on some goooood liver!
Nice space that feels like a modern home. The doorway is small and you might miss it. Inside is more like a long narrow space with a patio in the back. Good spot for a quick espresso before popping back into the market.
Go here on an evening if you want beer spilled on you by bros. It's a big spacious joint for a pub night out with a wide selection of international beers. It's good for a large group for post-work drinks. Now it has live music (crappy cover bands) and horrible crowds when they shut down the seated dining area. The service will rush you to settle your food bill to head to the bar. I'd go early to avoid the drunken gong show later at night. The food is surprisingly authentically European (think German beer hall).
This is a speakeasy, so you won't find it easily. Actually, I'm never really sure if I can find it each time I want to go there. I usually just stumble upon it when I recognize the doors to an unmarked mall passageway in Kensington Market. Even the door to the place is steel, heavy with a big mail slot to utter a password (none required, but it's the effect that counts). Inside is dimly lit with tiling and the cleanest, spartan bathroom you can ever expect from a dive-ish bar. The patio is also tiny with plastic stools and rickety tables but it has a secret garden feel minus the garden and with more plastic and concrete. I like it anyhow and not really sure why...maybe because "cold tea" is a euphemism for "cold beer." The bar staff will let you try a sample of what's on tap. The citrus whisky looks good though I only took a sip. Great for nighttime and daytime patio time is pretty good too though it has less of the hidden feel.
This is a good spot for intimate dates or a girl's night out. I had the tapas for dinner which probably wasn't enough food. I must rave about the fois gras - it was magnificent! The presentation, the mix of pineapple, fois gras, greens, black pepper and sea salt that you build on a piece of toasted bread. It sounds like a strange mixture of flavours but I thought it was a perfect combination of spicy, salty, sweet and savoury.The porto grilled cheese had an interesting jammy flavour.The matchstick fries that came with the mini bison burgers were like hickory sticks but better and just as addictive. I thought it was a creative take on the usual fries.The duck confit was kind of weird, stringy and chewy. The swirly greens on top were a great visual but didn't really taste like anything.
The dinner isn't great - just a lot of flash presentation (ie. decor of fake marble, plush purple chair coverings etc.). Looks impressively palatial from outside on Bay Street but as you get closer, it looks kind of tacky. I tried some leftover dim sum before so I think I'd be up for trying that another time.
My family and I arrived here on Thanksgiving morning. I was happy I was able to have a early check-in.  The hotel is beautiful, but the service sucks. Our bathroom floor wasn't clean and the floor needed to be vacuum. We left out today for a bit and our rooms were never cleaned. Called housekeeping before we left and was told it will be done. Well the day is over and our room still isn't clean. The Manager only can offer free coffee which they give that every morning from 6am-10am. Not happy with the service...  :-(
This is a great place to get some beers and enjoy the weather outside.  There is plenty of outside seating and dogs are welcome! You can also play ping pong or cornhole, if you are so inclined.  Their food was pretty good too. We had the crab dip, fish tacos and pepper jack mac n cheese and it was all super yummy and for that plus beers, we spent less than $25 for two people!
Amazing food! My BF took me here during my first weekend trip to Charlotte and it was sooo yummy.  I had the chicken and dumplings and fried potato cakes. The service and atmosphere were really great as well. I really liked to fusion of southern cooking and cajun and the fact I could get a delicious beer to go with my delicious food!
Great great great Sunday brunch!  Their cajun (bloody) mary's are to die for!!!!!!! Biscuits and gravy were excellent along with Charleston grits and cup of fruit!!
Maddy is the greatest!  She did my nails on Saturday morning, February 13th, and they were so beautiful!  It's two weeks later and they're still beautiful!  She's a perfectionist and a conversationalist at the same time!  What a fun experience for me!  The next time I'm in town, I'm definitely going to make an manicure appointment with Maddy!  Thank you!!!
Great Friendly atmosphere ,Food hot and served in a timely manner. Chicago Bar but no matter WHAT team your cheering for the energy is amazing and makes this place fun for food and sports
They messed up the first pizza, no cheese on one side  (how that happens is beyond me). So we waited for a replacement which was even worse,  barely any sauce and less cheese than the first one.  They did give us both pizzas for the price of one else, but it should have been free.
I agree with what everything Mary said about this place! You expect to have outstanding service here, and it was just mediocre. We ordered the chorizo appetizer and it was fine. I ordered the sea scallops and shrimp with pasta because the waitress said it was her favorite. The pasta just tasted like butter with noodles I could make myself! And the shrimp was pretty bland. Nothing memorable. Grant ordered the steak, and that was pretty good. But overall, I wouldn't come here again. Not really worth it.
I had a great time clubbin at pure. get in line EARLY. i mean early. the lines on fri and sat nights are insane. if you don't want to wait in line, bribe the bouncer and he'll get you in quick. drinks aren't that strong...the setup of this huge club is pretty neat. the reason why i give it five stars is because i got to see and smile at mario lopez, (ac slater from saved by the bell)...such a cutie!!! oh and those dimples...
loved that ciabatta turkey avacado and bacon. very delicious. and great for a quick bite before we headed to the hockey game at the mgm. worth the 10 minute wait. though they need more chairs for people to sit at - we had to stand out in the hall to eat our sandwiches. =/
I wasn't impressed at all with Market City. I give it two stars for the manager who sat us and made sure our water glass was filled at times. Our waiter didn't even see us when we sat down (apparently another party so big was blocking our table). He didn't really pay any attention to us either, when we needed the check. And my chicken pasta was quite dry. It actually tasted like chalk. But the rest of the pasta was ok.
Oh, Barry...the hilton is a huge tribute to Barry Manilow, it's hilarious. great place to stay at great prices. clean rooms. the monorail station is inside the hilton, so you have quick access to it. though it is off the strip, we didn't mind. also, the bartenders there are great. very personable.
Classy hotel...very professional staff.... Rooms are a bit outdated and need more outlets!!  Ate at the restaurant and it was excellent!!  Overall, this is a very nice place.
Excellent food and service!!  In town for the RnR half marathon, and searched for a vegan place near the convention center.   This was about a 10 minute drive from there, and it was definitely worth it!  Many vegan options, and very tasty!!
I can honestly say that the experiences I have had with this company has been faultless. The range of curtain fabrics and wallpapers is phenomenal and we were encouraged to borrow as many of the curtain samples as we needed, free of charge, to help us find exactly what we wanted. We chose a Roman blind and matching curtains for our kitchen/dining room and were advised that the make-up time would be 4-6 weeks, however we received a call just after the three week mark to say they were ready for collection and, I have to say, the results were stunning. They are absolutely perfect. We returned to Simon Boyd for a Roman blind for the bathroom and have received a call just 2 weeks after we placed our order to tell me that it's ready! Staff are courteous and knowledgeable and, overall, my Fiance and I are delighted with this company and would highly recommend them.
Went there to buy OEM operating software that was recommended by their horrible software department. Should've known it was the wrong OS for what I was trying to do. Trying to resolve the situation and they just keep restating that you cannot return software once it is opened. Even though I contacted the manufacturer and they offer a full refund. Unhelpful on all levels here. Would not recommend this place.
Def make a visit especially when there is an exhibition that interests you.  Make sure you hit up the firefly exhibition.  The modern art can be hit or miss but regardless there is always something interesting and new to see.
They make fresh noodles here.  The space is tight so don't come in big groups.  The staff are friendly.  I think the tonkatsu is their best bowl of noodles.  This is def one of the best ramen joints in the valley.
Friendly staff at this retro location. The food is tasty and each location supports local causes/charities which I really dig.  Def come to eat, drink, play games and be apart of the community.
Tucked away in the corner of Chandler Heights you will be met with a friendly staff.  Came over for lunch, lots of specials.  I enjoyed the drunken noodles over the pad Thai.  I recommend the chicken satay over the egg roles.
My favorite while living in Phoenix is the original chicken lettuce wrap.  I'd def pass on the Thai chicken lettuce wrap.
Great place that's full of energy to get your full of healthy eats.  Come with a friend or a huge group as there's ample seating.  This part of town is always fun.
Great place for a simple and fresh lunch at reasonable prices and good portions.  Have your lunch made to your taste buds. Service is quick and you working lol leave content.
Great place for drinks and big groups.  They can keep up with the numbers.  There are tons of staff to keep you and your friends happy and glasses full.
Came for Korean food - good ol' mixed rice in a stone pot and sashimi rice.   The mixed rice was the best and I'd pass on the sashimi rice.  Just stop by if you're in the area and craving some Korean bites otherwise there's no need to make a trip out.
I felt this place was pricey but enjoyed the desserts.  The macaroons are good and the breakfast is tasty but the portions are sooo small.
Came over and had their "Pick 2" lunch combo and chose their best selling 1/2 chicken sandwich with quinoa.  Both were tasty, the chicken salad is a bit creamy but was perfect with quinoa on the side.  This is a good lunch joint, casual and clean!
Came here and had their burrito, asked for the potatoes and beans on the side, the meal was very filling and tasty.  The burrito was filled with meat and def cheesy.  The staff are friendly and you won't leave hungry.
Great local brewery full of good food, drinks and fun.  This use to be a bank and so you'll dine in some history.  You won't be disappointed.  This is a great place for groups or just a simple night out.
This is a very cheap ramen joint.  Ordered the spicy shoyu ramen for $6 each.  The broth was extremely salty make but sure you get add-ons with more veggies and meats for a few more $.  The staff were very busy tonight but were friendly and tried their best.
Simple place to grab some noodles which are fresh and chewy.  The two dishes we ordered went spectacular but enough to satisfy your Asian noodle cravings.
Came and this place was packed as it's located across of ASU.  The parking can be nuts but if you need to get your burrito fill in Tempe then this is your only choice.  Staff was friendly and efficient.  Bon Appetito!
The tacos were cheap, filling and simple.  Nothing spectacular but will satisfy your taco fix at a great price!
Enjoyed our simple lunch.  The food is fresh and staff were friendly.  There's tons to choose from for breakfast or lunch.  This is a great location for a small or large group.
I LOVE their burgers.  Classic and tastes great all the time. I can't get enough of protein style hamburgers.
This restaurant has been around for a long time for a reason, it's pretty good food.  The portions and prices are great and tons of people were eating inside and tons of people were ordering take out.  The staff, like typical Asians are straight to the point but friendly.
Went 30 minutes before closing.  The red velvet cupcakes were quite delish! Totally over priced but the cupcakes were super moist and tasty.
Yummy Greek food to satisfy all your Mediterranean cravings.  Simple, busy and clean place to grab a bite.
This is a great place to fill yourself up with some healthy choices.  They have lots of different items to choose from including freshly squeezed juices   Make sure you give yourself some time since you'll likely have to wait for a table.   The seating is tight but the staff is friendly.   Enjoy!!!
This is as good as dim sum can get in AZ.  you'll need to wait for a seat as this place is quite busy.  You can also order classic Chinese dishes off their menu.
Stopped by for a coffee break.  The drip coffee is uber fresh and delicious, the beans were smooth and not too acidic, we didn't need to add sugar or milk as the coffee was quite tasty nor too strong.  The atmosphere is laid back and if you need to get some work done and have a cup of joe then this should be a good spot for you.
Very cute and busy joint.  I enjoyed the tomato and mozzarella cheese salad the most.   Of the pizzas, my favorite was the blancoverde then the margarita and finally the wise guy with red sauce.  The first two pizzas were the top sellers.  The staff are friendly but eager to get you out so the the next customers are seated.  I get it but I hate being rushed.  Enjoy your day out in Phoenix downtown and stop by for a bite.
Great chicken sandwiches and even greater customer service.  It's fast food but the service really was the cherry on top for me today.  Thanks everyone!
I came here after seeing all the reviews on yelp.  This place is great for drinks or a date night.  We had the lamb sliders and arroz con pollo.  I enjoyed the chicken dish a lot!
This really is a stream.  A place to take a short walk after dinner but only if you're in the area.  Do not make any effort to come here to check it out.  This is right between the mall and Old Scottsdale and the only reason I stumbled upon this place.
Headed here after reading all the reviews.  It was a fusion mix that sounds strange but somehow works.  This hole in the wall is loaded with all types of customers: students, families, couples, friends, young and old.  The portions don't seem huge but I was stuffed. Come over for a different experience!
Yummy Thai restaurant.  They have a simple happy hour menu but the entrees are what you should come for.  This place can accommodate larger groups as it has a lot of space.  The staff is friendly and you'll have a great dining experience.
Great place to get your hand made dumpling fix.  This place has good seating and is very casual.  The prices are great and the dumplings were quite tasty, not out of this world but def a place I'd come back to.  Make sure you use the black vinegar on the table.  Steamed or pan fried, both were great.   Though I was a bit disappointed with the juicy pork dumplings order of 8 but I finished the entire order!
This was a great joint to satisfy your Vietnamese food cravings.  Everything is fresh and super tasty. I loved the pho with oxtail.  You will not be disappointed.
No need to make the trip over but they have good lunch boxes (bento). The sauce was a bit sweet.  The prices are reasonable and the chef cares about his food.  Now on Saturdays they only serve about 30 ramens only at 11:30am.  He peeps them one at a time.  So it's not quick service.  The chef will prepare only one kind that day.  They set up tables so you can eat there.  If you're in the area stop by but if not no need to make a trek over.
The brisket stacker was the bomb!   Spoke with the boss Michael tonight who was a great host and listened to any comments we had.  I def recommend this joint for the smoked bbq and great car wash.  You will not be disappointed.
So this is not Chinese food BUT Korean style Chinese food.  So for non-Koreans it's Korean food and for Koreans it's Chinese food, make sense? It's AZ and this is as good as Korean food gets.  I'd def order the sweet and sour pork or chicken, see the pic Then the spicy seafood soup () and then the black bean noodles ().  These are the most common dishes for Korean-Chinese food.  The portions are huge so good bang for your buck!
Came in without an appointment and had Holly, the owner give me a long bob.  I was lucky and waited less than a minute.  However they do recommend making an appointment on weekends.  She was very friendly and tried to figure out the best style for me.  She takes time with you and provides lots of suggestions.
A casual place to eat and drink in Tempe.  Lots of outdoor seating and is a great place to come with a group of peeps to eat, drink and be merry.
Really enjoyed this taco joint.  My favorite was the 3 fish tacos which comes with rice.  Even the rice was good.  Everything was super fresh.  The burritos are huge and the tacos were delicious.   Def make a trip out to get some, finally, good Mexican food.  I forgot to take pics cause I started devouring it as soon as the food was prepped.
Great place to get your Mexican food fix.  Casual but quick.   Fun outdoor seating and place to eat, chat and chill.
Expensive but def tasty.  I liked this concoction.  The dessert was still creamy but light.   Def fun to try something different.  We all need dessert to improve our moods.
Enjoying our dinner with friends and feasting on hot pot and skewers.   Just talked with Leo the owner who has shared about some of his restaurant favorites.   Come and enjoy with friends for some Asian food.
Great place for breakfast.  Standard breakfast dishes and big portions, what you read on the menu is what you get.  This place was quite packed.
The best Chinese food in greater Phoenix.  Hand made noodles that you can watch through the window.   The portions and prices are great.  They are a bit skimpy on the meat but regardless the dishes are not too salty or saucy.  I enjoyed the pan fried dumplings.
A great place to hike that's close to Scottsdale with a ton of hikes to choose from.  The trails are well marked and you can choose easier or harder hikes along the way.  Come over and get your fill of cactus!
Love this pizza chain.  Great friendly staff. Loads of people coming through, great prices / portions and you will not leave hungry.  Ordered the x-large and demolished it.
I recommend their rolls over their bento box if you hit up this joint.  This is what people ordered the most.  They focus a lot on their rolls.  Unfortunately no noodles which is what I was craving.
I enjoyed the large shaved snow dessert.  Mango and green tea shaved snow with Lychee and Mochi toppings.  Pretty sweet and tasty.  I didn't need to add any more syrup or condensed milk.  The large can be eaten by 4 adults.
Headed over for lunch and I would definitely recommend their Lomo Saltaldo.  Went with a friend that was very familiar with the menu who recommended 70% of the dishes, so order away and enjoy for a taste of Peru in AZ. I love the two orange and green sauces they provide.
This new location was tasty and great to visit.  The food is from a district in Mainland China.  The staff are friendly.  Come for lunch or dinner and enjoy some Chinese food with a more authentic flair.
Came over for lunch.  I had the breakfast plate which is def pass on, nothing special.   The trio taco plate was super popular.  I'd def get that with beer.  Great place to hang out!
Come hungry caused you'll leave stuffed.  Very interesting rendition of a burger.   The staff are very friendly.   It's a great way to check out something different or just get full!
Came in for lunch and tried their sushi lunch combo.  The raw fish was tasty and filling.  If you're in Mesa, this is a great place to grab some yummy rolls and quench your Japanese taste buds.
Shaved ice dessert.  A quaint joint to grab a refreshing bite.  Lots to choose from and you can have yours custom made as well.
Archie's does it right. They are great about acknowledging my daughter's allergies. Chicken & eggplant, pad soon sen, and pad prik king are some of my favorites. Flamingo location has a take out drive though. Super convenient.
Ordered six tacos to go and it took 30 minutes. Got the tacos and they were cold. I took them back and the bartender was rude and argumentative. She said they would remake them and I said I didn't have any more time to wait. She asked for a receipt which she didn't give in the first place. The restaurant wasn't even busy. This was my second time here, it's unlikely that I'll go back.
Favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas. Chicken Marsala, aranchini, and clams linguini with spicy red sauce are staples.
My favorite Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. The oysters are to die for, and of course I can't go without the crab curry. I eat here every time I'm in town and every time it's as good as the last.
Love this place to grab a beer and the best fried green beans on the planet. BLTs are homespun and good. Cheese curds!! Typical bar food, not the healthiest but yummy. Wish it was nonsmoking.
We went in tonight. The customer service was horrible. One of the workers was very rude and disrespectful. Never going back!
Best breakfast ever.  The coffee alone is worth a visit. We had breakfast here everyday on our holiday.  The chicken apple brie crepe is my fave, but everything on the menu is good.  The service was very good as well,
I'm not sure if it was just bad timing. Multiple servers dropped their serving tray and spilled things all over when we were there. Service was also quite slow. Our margaritas were very inconsistent even when we ordered the same thing. One glass taste like juice and the other taste like it's pure tequila. The food also didn't impress me very much.
We went during the middle of brunch and start of lunch so we got to try a bit of both. We were impressed by the food and the selection. The dessert bar was amazing; especially the gelato spinner! We also felt like we were eating with Alice in Wonderland because the decorations were so cute!
Probably one of the best meal I've had. Yes it's expensive but worth it. We tried their 6 course tasting menu and it did not disappoint. The most memorable course was the Wagyu Beef. It was so flavorful and delicious and it just melts in your mouth! The service was also excellent. The server took his time explaining each course to us.
This is for take out. We couldn't get reservation for time that we wanted so we ended up doing take out. The food was good and I assume it would've been better if eaten there. We got the chicken and waffle, pasta dish, and short rib. The short rib was memorable. It was soft and flavorful. The chicken and waffle was good but not amazing. The flavored watermelon (salty and spicy) was very interesting.
The food was amazing so it was worth the almost hour long wait. The portion is also very big so sharing should be taken into consideration. They give you a mini champagne bottle for your mimosa; it's super cute! The servers were all very nice.
We stopped by here for dinner while visiting Las Vegas. It was a pleasant meal. We got noodle soupls, dan dan noodles, dumplings, chili oil wontons, and cucumber appetizers. I didn't like the cucumber dish but everything else was very flavorful and delicious! They served cucumber water as well.
if you're looking for a fancy steakhouse in vegas, delmonico is your go to place. not being a huge fan of emeril lagasse's, my prenotions and opinions were turned 180 degrees after one dining experience in this magnificent establishment.nothing here is shy of a stellar review. the food is PERFECTLY executed, the service is above and beyond, and no detail is left unfinished.the steaks can be requested with an extra char on the outside, but the center is still a warm medium rare, perfectly juicy and exploding with flavor in every bite. the sides we ordered were also high acheivers and could be main courses in their own right. the desserts were phenomenal! i've had emeril's banana cream pie from another one of his restaurants at MGM before, but the warm chocolate brioche bread pudding is like your birthday, christmas, new year, all the holidays, the birth of your first child, happiest day of your life in every spoonful. it was so good, i wanted to cry.if you are ever in vegas and want to have a flawless steak dinner, now you know where to go.
max brenner is a great place for brunch on the vegas strip. situated conveniently in the caesars forum shops, the cute and dark little shop is home to delicious chocolates and chocolatey drink concoctions.the banana split latte, priced at a whopping $7.50, was a thick, creamy chocolate milkshake with bananas. it was frothy and came in the most interesting yet practical cup, equipped with metal straw to keep the beverage cold until the moment it hits your lips.the illegal chocolate chocolate chocolate pancakes were amazing. soft, pillowy, fluffy disks of dough, topped with toffee'd bananas and toasted pecans. as if that wasn't decadent enough, a generous drizzle of chocolate syrup and honey. for those chocoholics, an extra beaker of chocolate sauce sits on the side for additional dousing to your heart's content.the skillet scramble was surprisingly delicious, coming from a chocolate shop. eggs were velvety, the sausage  was savory, the peppers and onions nicely grilled, and the spinach and mushrooms nicely seasoned. served with a crunchy and crusty roll and a side of chocolate sauce and butter. chocolate and eggs? yes, questionable. weird at first but due to the quality of the chocolate, it sort of works.
from the creators of french laundry, this wonderful restaurant sits atop the venetian hotel. we had breakfast/brunch here and i was floored by the exceptional attention to detail. the food was absolutely mouth watering and beautifully presented.i had a fruit and granola bowl with a side of yogurt. the fruit was perfectly ripe and sweet, the yogurt cool and thick. the granola came in a pretty little bouchon package...it was filled with more than enough for the fruit bowl...that's why they put it in a package for you to take the uneaten portion home!don't think i just ate that for breakfast...we are of course talking about a glutton here. then i had lox on baguette. possibly the best baguette i've ever had in my whole life. the crust was thin and crisp/crunchy, the center of the loaf was soft as clouds yet had a chewy bounce! the lox was delicious and the fixin's were top notch.creamy and thick hot chocolate with a side of freshly squeezed orange juice, and i was ready for a full day of vegas adventures (equipped with leftover granola to snack on!)
being that todd english is one of the original iron chefs america, i had high expectations. too bad i was sorely let down. the appetizers were fine, but for my entree i had a terrible lamb shank. the meat was very gamey and i couldn't help but feel that i was chewing on a wet stinky old gym sock. the texture was like a sock too!the service was very slow. the wait staff were very insensitive to our needs. we were in a bit of a rush as we were trying to make it to our show. but after eternities of waiting between courses, we still ended up short on time. therefore, we had to skip my favorite part of the meal - dessert.so we got the hefty bill...and trust me, it was not worth it at all. i would have gladly put that money to playing roullette...even if i put it all on one number, it's got better odds of "winning" than todd english's olives.
i must confess that i flirted with the crepe maker, and he hooked me up, twice. strawberries, whipped cream, chocolate sauce all over a silky thin fragrant crepe.but before i had this little dessert rendevous, i stuffed myself with delicious prime rib, corn-flake fried chicken, mashed potatoes, green beans, fresh crab legs with drawn butter, watermelon mint feta salad, shrimp cocktail, beef noodle soup, green pea risotto with mushrooms, pork shortribs, carbonara tortellini, and a lot more i can't recall. then it was all dessert from then on.white espresso gelato, the signature wynn candied apple, red velvet cupcake, berry lemon parfait, raspberry cheesecake, chocolate covered marshmallow, strawberry sorbet, chocolate gelato, warm brownie, a huge creme brulee, tres leches...and then i ate those 2 crepes! please, don't judge me.
so very disappointed. bellagio used to be one of my favorite vegas buffets, and now it has been reduced to the worst on my list.the variety was simply lacking. and worst of all, the quality was abysmal. there was nothing that i wanted to eat, and everything that i did eat was sub-par at best. i was stunned at the fact that the carving station only offers medium or well-done prime rib. it was far too overcooked for my taste, and the carver was rude and unskilled. after asking multiple times to slice the prime rib thinly, he continued to carve 2 inch thick slices to patrons. everyone was frustrated with the carver, his rudeness, and just the appalling waste of food because he was incapable of slicing anything less than a size of a brick.another shocking discovery was the installation of soft serve machines and the disappearance of hand scooped gelato. this utterly disgusted me and was the final nail in the coffin. who the hell wants drippy icy ooze that melts the minute it hits the bowl? it was worse than the local sizzler.and there is an average wait of 45 minutes for this atrocity? no thanks.
sage fried chicken and waffles.there is bacon INSIDE the waffles.heart attack.i die.
the wait: 45 minutesthe hostesses: they could care less about youthe service: slow but kind. in case you didn't get a big enough dose of waiting, wait some more.frozen hot chocolate: a pack of swiss miss, blended with ice, topped with redi-whip. the powder lingers on your tongue.warm crab and artichoke dip: it was not warm. the mayo was overload. but the ciabatta toast points were toasted nicelybbq chicken and cheddar pizza: where's the chicken? bbq sauce overkill.decor: cute and meant for tourist shopping.a return visit: highly unlikely
quality and quantity, wolfgang puck delivers.you can almost anticipate the outcome of your meal from the bread basket alone. parmesan crisps, onion focaccia, and raisin bread, all wonderfully fragrant and fresh. when paired with the rosemary infused extra virgin olive oil, the flavors collide and explode.special soup of the day was green garlic soup. surprise chunks of portabello mushrooms and tender spears of asparagus heads lay hidden in the velvety rich soup. the garlic was not overpowering, but perfectly spicy. a ring of creme fraiche and some toasted mini croutons round out a perfectly hearty and generous portion.the calamari fritti with garlic aioli and asian sweet and sour sauce. a side of asian cucumber salad. i must say, it was probably the best calamari i've had to date. crispy and tender, the calamari went extraordinarily well with the smooth garlic aioli. the sweet and sour sauce and the cucumber salad added the asian flare with a kick.the pasta special was seafood and angel hair cooked in a white wine sauce. the seafood was extremely fresh and the pasta cooked al dente. the sauce was light and appetizing.hand cut fettucini with mushrooms, fresh arugula, and english peas in a cream sauce. buttery noodles gently caressed in a delicate cream, accentuated with savory mushrooms, peppery arugula, and sweet peas. if it was not hazardous to my health, i wouldn't mind having a large plate of these noodles every night.
true story:lotus of siam recommended by fellow yelper jim c.curries ranging from level 1 to 10 in spiciness.someone orders level 5, another orders level 10.i can't handle spicy food, but i brave this one and try the level 5 with a big spoonful of rice. 2 seconds of chewing and my mouth is doused with gasoline and set on fire. 15 seconds later, i get an instant nose bleed.thank god i didn't try the level 10.i'm sure everything else tasted lovely, it's just that my incinerated taste buds failed to work after the curry.
The slut: creamy mashed potatoes and sous vide egg cooked in a mason jar topped with fresh chives and grey salt. Simple, but it was so delicious! The toasted baguette it came with for dipping through the egg was brushed with a very fragrant olive oil. The whole thing was simply perfection. Of course I wish the line was not so long and the self seating area is definitely lacking. But the wait is definitely worth it for that slut!
we booked through priceline.com and got a rental car in vegas for $13 a day!!! pick up and drop off is easy. all you gotta do is hop on a shuttle. $13 a day, for a mid-sized rental car, in las vegas, what more can you ask for?
warning: the bartenders work really hard and break out in drenching sweats. when tipped with $20 bills, the bartenders will stick them on their foreheads...with the sweat acting as the glue. also, there is alcohol carelessly being poured everywhere. this is a wet ride.hot bartenders - 1 starfree shots poured into your mouth - 1 starfour foot long bongs filled with whatever drink you want for $50 (good for a full buzz all night long) - 1 starbartender flair tricks (bottle juggling, flame breathing, etc) - 1 starlistening to loud top 40 music and singing along in a drunken stupor - 1 staralthough this bar is great, i can only stand being here for an hour. watch the bartender flair, get your 4 footer, and wander down the strip happy!
best buffet in vegas as of yet. great variety that is individually portioned for grab and go. it's not your typical buffet and the food is pretty good quality. they have amazing mashed potatoes and decent prime rib. the shrimp cocktail is nestled in a cute plastic cup with the cocktail sauce underneath. the fish and chips come in its own little fry basket. rice comes in a chinese to go box. 18 types of gelato and to die for strawberry crisp. i definitely overdosed on the huge chocolate covered strawberries (the kind that sells at godiva for $5 each). the dessert station is nothing less than impressive. my spoon was surely moving at a wicked pace!
Very good food & large portions ...we will return! Chimichanga, rolled tacos and chips & salsa were great.
Super fresh, amazing Guacamole, awesome margaritas ! Cool spot, great service. Can't wait to go back!
I already warned by my coworker about the bad service of this location but I said to myself everybody deserve a second chance. Yesterday 07/16/17 I ordered factory burrito grande over the phone at 12:13pm and I was told that it would be 15 to 20mins so I went there 5mins early and payed for my order. For a sunday the place not crowded yet because theres no waiting time to be seated for a dining customer. 25mins had passed still my order not ready yet. So I asked the cashier politely "can i follow up my order its been 25mins now?". She said " I will ask the other cashier what's the status"? and never return back to me . Now its more than 30 of waiting, I approached a manager whats going on? He said let me follow up with that , as I looked at him walking towards the kitchen a fellow employee talk to him and forgot bout my order. This location is very disorganize and lack of sense of urgency regarding customer waiting for a long time. i always order food from the ceasars palace brance but their service are always good!!!
Service was slow. The hostess was odd unwelcomung and a bit confused. Food was average and way over priced. The "decor" is in desperate need of dusting.
We went in for carwash oil change.  Been going here for 5 years no problems.  Today they spilled cleaner on our car seat.  The carwash guy genuinely felt bad, and HE directed us to the detail area.  This is where things turned.  The manager came over was being a real cocky jerk about the whole thing.  After 15 minutes of waiting for him and bickering with him just decided to leave.  Due to a ten minute clean you have lost a long term customer for life.  What a bunch of idiots.  Also, I will be getting the car seat detailed, and sending superstar the bill.  IF they choose not to pay it (I estiamte $80) I'll just take them to small claims court.  Again, over a 10 minute clean of a car seat.  Hope it was worth it to you!  I think when your organization has 145 reviews and only 2 starts you need to seriously consider how you are operating your business.
Best sub place in town.  Nothing else to be said besides that bold statement.
We went there about 2 months ago.  My kids had the kids pizza, my wife had an 8" pizza, and I had lasagna.  I was not impressed with the pasta and I'm not a pizza fan. They raved about the pizza.  Well they conned me in to going back.  Wow am I glad I did.  This time I had make your own bowl with marinara and sausage and meatball.  The sauce was average, I had to add a little salt.  The meatball was probably one of the best meatballs I've ever eaten, and the sausage was good too.  They also added table service instead of walk up counter.  Given the ambiance of the place I think that was a very smart move.  I recommend checking it out, and glad I did twice.  Though I wouldn't get the lasagna.
What can you say about place that encourages throwing food waste on the floor and allows dogs.  The furnishings are a little awkward.  I felt like I was in some warped combination of Petsmart and a children's play center.  Service was good.  I had the prime rib sliders, they were ok but not good enough to risk having a wind come through and put dog hair in my food.  I had their wheat ale-it was pretty decent.  I doubt I would return, but if someone I knew really really wanted to go there I would go.
We use to go to Pete's all the time back in the day.  Haven't been in years so stopped by one Friday when I surprised the wife at work for lunch.  I should of kept driving.  Just nasty is all I can really say.  First off cash only, but no worry they have an ATM that charges you $3 for cash...Yeah that is pretty ghetto.  Well we order our fish and I was excited because Pete's was so good.  I was impressed by the prices, which should of been a clue.  Anyway, became annoyed that they charge extra for tarter sauce.   Anyway we got our meals.  I had the 1 piece fish and 4 piece shrimp.  The best way to sum this up is frozen overly processed fish.  Seriously Gorton's at the store is 10x better than this stuff.  Sad to see another Phoenix icon failing like Bill Johnson's.
Dated.  Greasy.  Poor/rude service.  Taco salad soaking in grease is not good, and when you say something the response shouldn't be well you ordered it.  Too bad it has been a west valley staple but something bad has happen.
I ordered the Mahi Mahi and we had a mozzarella salad to share.  My dining partner had Salmon.  the salmon was over cooked after a careful conversation about how it should be cooked.  So, why 5 stars?  The manager was genuinely upset about this, paid for my partners meal, AND assured us there would be training on how to cook salmon properly.  I have to say I was impressed-and believed her.  This place has character, food is good (not wow but good) and service was good.  Don't get it confused though with Pita Pit which is literally 2-3 stores down you'll have a very different experience.
The lobby is gorgeous and well appointed.  Waited a few minutes to check in but the clerk was pleasant and informative.  Got to my room and the disappointments began.  The room is very dated.  It is large with a sitting room and the bedroom.  Traveling alone and they gave me 2 queens.  Towels frayed.  No microwave in the room, just a fridge.  Coffee pot only made 1/2 a cup.  Alarm didn't work the next morning. Internet comes on and goes off, comes on and goes off. You get the idea. Elevator doesn't work glad I'm on the second floor.  Phone doesn't work for local calls despite paying the fee.  I wrote more but as I was writing this the Internet went out again....So I'm done. Oh my did it again why trying to post this.So in the 3 minutes it took me to type this I had to log in 3 times.
Had the shrimp fajita burrito enchilada style. Amazing. Shrimp was plenty and good size. Encholada sauce was a bit salty Service came and went. We were waited on by 4 different people. It was confusing and at times lacking. Margarita was not good at all.
Line is way too long and staff spends way too much time talking to customers vs. moving the line.  I didn't stop for social time, but more I am on my way to a meeting and need coffee.  Never been but they didn't have a menu to share so basically had to hear her ramble for minutes about what they could do.  Ordered a hot latte, which I was informed not on the menu but they would do it.  Thanks for sharing.  Get to the window more of oh your first time....Ok I just need to go now.  Swiped my card on an iphone really wondering if that Iphone belongs to the store or the worker...The latte that they don't make wasn't really hot and lacked flavor.  THey did give me a punch card with 9 punches it is up for grabs...
Place is a bit dirty and food is average to below average. Teriyaki chicken under seasoned. Glad I tried it but unlikely to return. Place was packed so i guess some people love it. Staff very friendly.
Typical bland Phoenix style Mexican food.  It wasn't fantastic and wasn't awful.  I had the Relleno and Enchilada platter.  The enchilada had way too much red sauce, and the relleno had cheddar cheese-I'm use to having it with asadero.  The Caldillo sauce had greasy ground beef in it.  Would of been 10x better without the ground beef (Gosh at least I hope it was ground beef).  The rice was standard Macayo/Garcias type and the beans were really good.  I would go back but not on my oh my gosh I have to go there again list.
Service was ok.  A little slow starting, but it picked up.  I had the shrimp po boy.  The shrimp was spot on.  Flavor was good.  The bread was not traditional.  Traditionally it is made with French bread, this was more a store bought sub roll.  It couldn't hold everything.  French fries were mediocre.  Also, we started with the calamari.  For the price the serving was much smaller than the average place.  There was  a lot of the coating underneath vs. calamari.  Flavor was fine, but a little spicy for my taste. I had a martini and it was o.k.Pluses:  Interesting whiskeys/liqours,  neat atmosphere, interesting menuCons:  Slower service, food presentation, martini taste, closes at 10 p.m. on a Saturday
Good experience and fun. Good service no issues.Pros: service, choice, a lot of food, atmosphereCons: price especially wines.  Very strong fish odor when you enter
Not a pizza fan, but while out working a coworker suggested this place.  It is absolutely amazing.  It has a cool divey look to it.  I got the Sicilian slice and salad for lunch. Absolutely amazing....And the price wow.  The only reason I give it 4 versus 5 is the cleanliness.  I totally love divey places, but this place could use a clean up.  I looked up at the vent and it was just filthy.  The owner (I believe) is such a nice guy-very welcoming.  As we walked out said have a nice day, and he said something like it is already better since you came in.
Donuts are delicious, so good only order what you think you should eat for you will go over board. Service was good.  Went through the drive thru didn't get the raspberries we ordered, but two extra glazed.  Also, the drive thru does not list all options so for a first timer not everything available was known.  For sure on our once in awhile list.
Ok this isn't going to be like wow that was the best Italian I've ever eaten, but I don't think that is the goal.  I think it is an appealing place this is serving high quality Italian food quick.  We had the calamari, I had sausage/pepper dish, and partner had raviolli.  Service was great, food was good, and wine wasn't bad.  Limited selections but I think that is part of hte charm.  For sure on our regular short list.
Pluses:  Service, priced well for what they are attempting (attempting being the key word) clean, fun atmosphere.Minuses: I had the burger with A1.  It was smothered in A1 overpowering.  Made the bun super soggy.  Burgers are well done,  no other option.  Only American cheese no other cheese choice.  Really?  Fries were unevenly cooked.  Some were still white others crispy-very inconsistent.
For sure one of the better Mexican places in the valley, and a quaint little place.
Relatively unimpressed.  Our day started out with waiting in a long line in the sun.  Once we got through the line and indoors, we got to wait in another line.  Finally, the wait was over an we are on our way to our adventure.  And the disappointment really began.  Nothing more than a cheap low budget border town type shopping center.  There is the artist and vendor section.  No character areas or interactive things for kids.  Excluding the video game section which was a joke.  So basically I paid $30 for my son and I to buy $1 comics from some vendor....We could of gone to a local dealer and bought 30 more.
Update your website so people can actually open up and see the menu for take out orders.  Unfortunately, a picture of the menu does no good and you've missed out on a take out order, and potentially more in the future.
This place is pretty good. Prefer to go for lunch. Dinner is a bit crowded. Always welcomed and service is good.
Pedro's was recommended to us by a friend.  I have been a few times and I am just wowed.  You walk in and you think you have entered the 70's, but it works at this place. It adds to the charm.  The staff are very friendly and kind.  The food is absolutely amazing.  I have had the chicken tacos, an enchilada, and a releno.  They have all been good-this is not your typical phoenix mexican food.
Absolutely fabulous.  We shared a prime rib with Fleming Potatoes and it was amazing.  We had the cheesecake for dessert and it was absolutely amazing.  The wine tablet will pair your meal, wish I knew that before ordering wine but no one pointed it out to us.  Other than that it is awesome.  Expensive, but awesome.
Pros:  Steak was awesome.  The saute green beans is very good.  Great wine list.  We did get a complimentary dessert.  Cons: Atmosphere more casual than $80 dinner place.  Vinyl on the seats?  A little crowded for upper end.  Service was slow and frankly almost absent for over 20 minutes.  Had to ask for water refill 3x before it happen.  Potatoes were served so hot had to wait for them too cool down.  Was disappointed there was no option to add shrimp or prawns with the steak.Not sure if I will return.  I want to like it, but I can't try it again until I am ready to spend another $85 and almost 2 hours on dinner.
Just completed by third car purchase from Bell Ford. Process is always easy, fair, and done with integrity.  I highly recommend this dealership.
It is good, not super wow.  A little pricey for a coffee spot.  Very nice digs.  I wish i had my work stuff could of sat and worked.  The location is odd.  Would be nice if it was closer to the Interstate to grab and go on the way to work.
We keep going back because our son loves it.  Loves to watch the planes take off and land.  Beyond that not sure why we go.  Most of the food is low quality frozen processed food, not much fresh here.  Avoid on a Friday night.  The fish buffet reeks really bad.  I would for sure stay away from the salad bar.  One time I saw salad literally floating in water.  We often to have send something back because they didn't micro it long enough and it is cold.  The service has always been decent.  I've noticed over the 3-4 years we've been going there the numbers dwindling.  A little updating a revised fresher menu and that place would be hopping.
Nasty just nasty.  I have no idea how people could give this more than 1 star.
We were with our prior pool company for 6 years that went through some personnel changes.  My pool was pretty much green all summer and they just kept coming out and shocking it.  Finally had enough and called Dan.  He drained the pool, acid washed it, gave me an update on my pool condition.  We signed up with monthly service.  My pool has never been so crystal clear.  They are here when they say they will be and do what they say they will do.  Very easy to work with, nice people, and they know what they are doing.  What more can you ask for, oh yes they are reasonable in their pricing.  Highly recommend.
Service was horrible, just horrible.  People that came way after us got food long before us.  Waitress never really checked on us, and we waited a long time to even place our order.  Based on prior reviews this appears to be a perpetual problem.  I won't return, everyone has bad days but when you have a string of reviews like this and nothing has changed you are not worthy of my time or money.  Also, food was blah.
I haven't bought a car from a dealership in over 8 years due to the chronic bad experieinces.  I've seen the commercials, and honestly it is nothing what we thought it was.  Selection-wide range from low end to top end luxury.  Though probably 100-150 cars total on the lot.Salesperson-Friendly and kind worked well with us.  Only complaint we had 7 pm appt we didn't see her until 7:45.  Test Drive-Most big dealers discourage freeway test drive and just take you on surface streets.  Before I could even ask she suggested we take it on the freeway.Our choice and price-We bought a 2010 Town and Country.  THough a little high on miles it appears to be in good condition.  The price was high-about $500-700 more then regular retail.  For me it was worth every dime due to the ease of the deal.Warranty-the warranty was $$$ and not sure if I should of gotten it.  I never got one before but it will last us the 4-5 years we own the car so I took the bait.  We'll see if it holds up to what they say.  I think too since they sell their own warranties you may have better luck finding a quality car-it would cost them more to sell junk in the long run.Gap-Gap was $399 we got it just in case.  There we no other add ons like at other dealerships.  Do you want this that or the other thing.  Just know if you want warranty and gap.Financing-No finance guys to deal with-just salesperson and signer.  They deal with four banks.  We went with Wells Fargo at a little over 3%.  They show you all the offers and terms and choose which one you want.  Pretty easy.  If  you find cheaper financing you have 5 days to return the vehicle.I am impressed, and since I typically only buy used cars this will be my go to place for now.  Again, I know it will cost me a little extra but buying a car in under 2 hours from a dealership is worth it and no hassle.
We did an order for take out.  Easy to order and was ready very quick.  Price was right. It was the same price if we had lunch at fast food.  I got the french fries and they were absolutely amazing.  Cooked and seasoned to perfection, best fries I've had in a long time.  My wife got the onion rings. They are beer battered. I tried one and cooked great a little heavy on the beer flavor.  I got the philly cheesesteak.  The meat was tender and plentiful.  It is the reason for 4 stars vs. 5.  The meat was a little unseasoned could use something-even just salt.  For sure adding it to the list of places we will go to on a regular rotation.
Probably one of the best fish and chip places I've ever experienced.  Kind of mad at myself because we've lived by here for years and well only started going a few months ago.  I'm always looking for a good value when eating out.  This place is on the $$$ for fish and chips, but the value is in the freshness and quality so I don't mind paying the premium.  Service is terrific.  The staff is friendly and they really know their menu.  I guess if I had to make a suggestion the dining room could use some modernization.
Horrible service almost an hour to get our food.  NO discount on our food, but yet the manager had no problem sitting at the counter eating his pot roast.  Not once came by to apologize or comp food.  Complained to corporate office and got a generic all purpsoe email.  Umm yeah about the $25 I blew for bad service, cold food, and attitude.  I was starting to turn my attitude about Denny's thinking they were doing better but they proved they aren't.  THings happen, but when the corporate office can't even call to apologize that is saying we don't care.
Went for breakfast with my wife.  I have to say one of the best breakfast places I've been too in a long time.  The sausage links are fantastic, eggs cooked perfect. Very pleased.  Service was good.  The only reason 4 stars is the waitress kept filling my coffee to the rim, there was no room to add creamer.  I even told her when to stop but it just didn't work out.
I'm a fan of Jimmy John's, 5 stars for the food.  This store is very nice and appealing architecturally.  However, I am removing 1 star for there were 2 other men in the store, 8 workers, and all the tables were dirty....Another star reduction because the music is way too loud.
We were downtown, and my kdis grandma use to take them there all the time.  Out of nostalgia they wanted to stop here.  So we went in got a booth and I was SHOCKED!  There was literally trash and food all over.  I was going to ask for another booth and looked around to see they were all like that.  We ended up leaving, I mean can you imagine what the kitchen looked like. Not one person asked us why we were leaving or anything.  We just walked out.
We went for dinner.Environment-Appeared clean and casual a little small.  The restaurant was extremely warm and uncomfortable.Service-Mediocre.  We waited sometime before getting our drink order taken.  Water refills were slow.  Appetizers.  We got egg rolls and wontons.  The egg rolls were fantastic, in fact some of the best I ever tasted.  The wontons were good.Dinner-We shared orange chicken, egg fried rice, and moo shoo pork.  The orange chicken was good, maybe slightly above average.  The egg fried rice lacked flavor/seasoning as did the moo shoo pork.  Salt on the rice helped, and we used soy on the moo shoo.  However, with no added seasoning it was very bland and below par.I would go back but not seek it out.
I enjoy this place.  A bit far from our house so not on our regular list, but for sure on our now and then list.  Food is pretty consistent, service is usually pretty good.  Like the tap wines.  Last visit I ordered the shrimp pomodoro.  I thought it was way under seasoned, and just not what I expected.  My server immediately took it back and replaced it with another choice, fish and chips.  Which is always spot on.  I appreciated their willingness for the swap and the quick service.
Order:Me-Burger cooked perfect.  Needs something like sauce.Wife-Pizza wasn't hot/wasn't coldDaughter-Chicken strips-good flavor over battered thoughSon-Mac 'N Cheese.  Said it was good.Server-was awesome very attentive.  Food a little slow coming out of the kitchen.
Called to see if they had a product in stock.  I was on hold for 20 minutes so I used that time to order it from Amazon, and $20 cheaper.
As others said the wait time was a bit excessive, about 2 hours.  However, the receptionist completely informed me of this when I arrived, and kept us informed in the lobby.  I felt the communication about the wait time was up front and transparent.  Simply put I had the chance to stay or go.Once I got in to the room it went pretty quick.  The provider diagnosed me, called in my scripts, and went through my follow up care I should follow.  She was very kind and personable.  I felt going to FastMed was a good choice!
Employee brought out bathroom cleaning supplies with toilet brush-placed in visible sink washed hands and asked me what I would like to order.  I said nothing and walked out.  Called manager over 6 weeks ago to discuss the idea of bringing toilet brushes in the food area and I haven't heard back from them.
I just don't get how anyone can eat at Olive Garden....Over cooked pasta, frozen entrees, way over priced, crowded...I will say service has always been decent the few times I've been forced to go there.
Love babbos. I was a little surprised to see the garlic shrimp increase to almost  $15. But that was ok since it's so good. However the shrimp are now 1/2 the size they use to be, andcrubbery/watery indication of frozen. I hope this doesn't last and they realuze this is a misguided direction.
This review is for the eye clinic.  It was very easy to set up an appointment.  When I arrived in check in was fast, and the desk clerks were very nice.  Wait time was minimal and my appointment started on time.  A student does the exam, Sam did mine.  He was very thorough.  They have the newest technology. For example instead of the air puff test they use new technology with a blue light. After they are finished a professor comes in reviews their work.  I did purchase a pair of glasses.  The optical center was very typical of the standard optical places. Wide selection, prices about the same.  Though they offered the "other stuff" there wasn't any high pressure sales tactics.  The exam does take a little longer than normal for two people check you, but also they are very thorough.  My new glasses arrived in 5 days.  My new subscription works better for me than my prior one with a optometrist that had been practicing for 30 years.
Heard this is the place to go to.  Well, no.  My wife and I went for lunch while on vacation during the week.  Nobody was there-on the weekends it is crazy.  Ok the fries were awesome.  I bit in to my hamburger and it tasted funny so I looked at it and sure enough it was pretty raw on the inside.  My wife's was pink, but mine was raw.  Manager came over after we waited 15 min for a new one.  Tried to explain it was raw, but he just made excuses like that is how they cooked them.  Tried to explain the difference between mine and hers but he wouldn't listen.  Complained on their web site over a week ago and they never even responded.  Good enough for me-I'm done with you Smashburger-never will see a dime of my money again.
Danny's use to be the premier car wash place.  I've used this location since it open (8-10 years not sure).  Anyway, today was my last visit.  Got there at 10:20 not very busy.  Told them I had to be out the door by 11:15, they said absolutely no problem.  Car didn't leave oil change until 11:15 and sat in front for 10 min. Went in to complain and was told all they could do was give me a voucher to come back for the car wash.  No one went out to say hey let's get this guys car through.  Car finally came through and it was cleaned by a guy with an ankle bracelet, unsupervised.  Now it is 11:40 I am leaving get in the car.   Radio is filthy.  Air freshner I paid for was not used.  I called since I am 30 min away from my 11:45 appt.  Asked to speak with a manager.  After 14 min on hold I hung up.  The only thing I can conclude is they just care about money.  They try to upsell you on everything.  They lie to get your business.  They should of said no can't do oil change in that time period, and I would of come back.  Instead they've lost a customer for life.  Use to be a great place to go....
I live minutes from this place.  It has been there since the shopping center has opened and I've never been.  I went on a whim about 3 weeks ago, and I've probably been back 1/2 dozen times.  I like, no love, the Brown Bear or Lodge.  They have a good variety but not overwhelming.  Even got  a breakfast sandwich once and it was really good.  I am very impressed.  Pennies more than the chain place, but worth every penny.
I'm not a Village Inn fan, but a friend of mine was in town and we went there to catch up over some pie and coffee.  Last time I was at a Village Inn was about 3 yrs ago for breakfast, and never been to this one.  It was extremely clean, service was spectacular, and the server actually knew the menu.  Only reason I wouldn't give it a 5 because the food is fair, not great.  I would go again.
I love Skye.  I was turned on to this place in June of this year, and I go on a regular basis now.  So the deal is you have to buy tickets, and 2 menu items for each patron.  Some menu items are expensive while others are not priced too bad.  If you plan it right you can have a cocktail, and share a few appetizers and get out for $30 for two.  The food is good, not awesome, just good.  Most of the acts are really good.  I've been to a few that were unimpressive, but overall I have been very pleased.  So if you are looking for something different compared to the dinner and movie thing I say head over to Skye.  The owners are terrific too.  You can really tell the people that own and work there really care about their image.  My only complaint is the valet parking.  They block off too many spaces, and honestly the place isn't that big/fancy to justify that much (if any) valet parking.
I had the corned beef hash and eggs.  Lose 1 star for unseasoned potatoes.  Gain it back for scratch corned beef.  Lose two stars for weird ambiance.  I get the look they are going for, but the chairs were down right uncomfortable.  Gain 1 star back for great coffee, and frequent refills.  I think that gets me to four.  Very well priced-good value for the money.  Service was wonderful.
Very standard Phoenix Chinese.  Pot stickers were warm and not very hot.  Also the bottoms were crispy.  We shared beef fried rice and orange chicken.  The orange chicken was too sweet and the rice was somewhat mushy.  Ambiance is nice and service was decent, not exceptional but not bad either.  Would I go back probably, but I wouldn't say oh hey let's go to that mediocre average chinese place.
I could go anywhere from 1 to 5 on this place.  First, they have a new menu with prices that are more aligned to what is normal and reasonable.  I've always liked their food.  Last visit I got the fish and chips.  They really aren't chips, they are shoestring and I had to send them back for being cold.  We got an appetizer that was supposed to be 50% off but they charged us $5.50, original price was $7, so half of 7 is 3.50.  Had to bring that to their attention.  Service was good, but we've never had a service issue here.The ugh.  The place is looking tired.  The booth we were at had a slit in the bench-pretty significant.  The place looked a little dirty.  If they can get it fixed up and cleaned with the new menu and food I think they will be full again.So McFadden's is on our keep list-just need to keep working out little things.  However, the biggest thing that kept us from making a frequent place was $21 for bangers and mash which are now priced at $13.
One of the best quick Chinese places.  Great prices and great food.  The house chicken is amazing.  We also got the ragoons which were amazing.  Use to go here all the time 20 years ago when I lived in the area.  Recipes are still the same and taste great.  My son even said it was better than Panda...
The food isn't bad, it isn't great.  The place needs some work though.  THe carpet is filthy, and varnish at tables is peeling.  The food taste ok, some of it but it looks so blah.  Looks like chef missed plating class.  My wife had the orange chix and you could taste the oil.  I had the mongollion beef which contained minimum amount of beef and a lot of onions.  A little tweaking, updating, and plating this could be a great place.
Apparently their employees can tell you anything to get the sale, but when it comes down to business they don't have to honor it.  Glad I found out before I actually had service installed.
Booked a Cabana for the day as we wanted to be able to come and go if we wanted to the Mob Museum and Fremont Street.  Got there at 10:30 and it was absolutely fantastic!  Our server Ashley greeted us as soon as we were taken to our cabana by our Cabana Host Tammy.  Tammy was super attentive to all my emails leading up to our stay.  Ashley was very attentive and checked back every 15-20 minutes to see if we needed anything. When we ordered lunch, she made the guac (was sooo good) right next to us as we were hanging in the pool and allowed us to eat while still in the pool.  She recommended the Egg Salad sliders and those were surprisingly really good. My parents ordered chicken tenders and crab sliders- they loved both of those.  I was worried about the pool temp bring to warm since its been in the 100*s out here, but it was perfect! The pool started to get crowded about 1:30 so that's when we decided to go over to the Mob Museum. When we came back to our cabana, Ashley immediately met us and took our drink and food orders.  Everything we ordered was delicious: chicken skewers, shrimp fritters, mini chicken sliders, marinated shrimp, and chips & guac again.  The pool deck is pretty slippery and to go to the restroom is a bit of a walk. In all, we would definitely book a cabana here again as it was clean, well-maintained, absolutely outstanding service from Ashley, and awesome food!
Been here 2x the last 2 days for the official opening days.  Food was outstanding and we didn't wait longer than 15min for food either time.  Team is fast and efficient even though they are learning to handle all the business.  I loved the "Our Burger" and my husband has had the "Donnie BBQ burger" the last 2 days. He loved it.  Onion rings are out of this world and so is the Smores Frappe with marshmallow vodka.  Either visit we were here, we did not have an issues with greasy food at all.
If you getting tired with all the food in casino restaurant,this is the place you should try
I never actually go to the restaurant but i bought their food at phx whole foods. They are rly good! Also the lady that usually represent cafe lalibela is friendly and helpful. Whole food moved stuff around and I thought they no longer carry Cafe Lalibela foods until the lady pointed it out. I would recommend sampling their green beans.
My favorite Ramen Place. Pro:- Servers generally friendly. I never personally had issue with any of my servers.- Chasu Tonkatsu ramen is so good! Broth a lil on the  bland side in my opinion but works good with combination of green onions, soft boiled egg and mushroom. If you like meat order extra Chasu (Grilled pork). IT SO YUMMY MAKES ME WANT SOME RIGHT NOW.- One of the best place to get Kakuni (Braised Pork Ribs)- If you are a fan of Japanese food or culture, you can also get Tako ("octopus ball") here to try and selection of Japanese beers. Cons:- I think they need to hire more server especially for their busier hours. There are time I had to wait for longer than acceptable for sevice.- The chair isnt the most comfortable thing to sit but I'll  live.
No idea why this place get so many good reviews for the quality of food and service.Pro:First of all I frequent this place a lot but only because of convenience (Very close to work) and needing to eat something quickly. Cons:- Pricey for barely average food and you cant really customized your order. One time i ordered for 2 eggs and 4 pieces of small bacon strips that came up burnt for $6.00. I mean rly? If anything make sure the bacons you serve aren't burnt. I stopped ordering bacons since then.- Food is inconsistence. About 60% chances, I would get the baked potato barely cook or the quantity of meat/other substitutes varied sometime fair and somewhat reasonable other not reasonable for the cost you paid.- I agree with review above the owner of this business need to learn how to service people. First of all I don't care about your personal woes or whatever the hell you think is important. I'm here to order food, paid for it and leave. If I don't respond to your "conversation" by giving you subtle cue to not encouraged conversation, stopped doing the same thing over and over. It's incredibly annoying and honestly in some cases unprofessional depending on the subject of the conversation. I saw the cook looked unhappy whenever I was there. I'm sure there is other reason why he is unhappy but I think partially because the owner doesn't know how to shut up.- No joke one time i saw the owner pick on his ear, lick the same finger while counting some cash. Disgusting.  It's why i hate it when they grab utensils for me. No thanks let me get it myself.- When one of your employees make mistakes with customer order, an apology would be nice. Not much for common sense???If you actually have time and convenient isn't a factor, go somewhere else. You will get better food with similar price going to fast food place than this place.
Pro:- Like the ambient. It has it's own character. Also you can check weird puppet thing downstairs.- Live DJ spinning and for the most part I enjoy the music (more of a lounge music)- Good food.- Good number of crowds especially over the weekend.  I had seen different type of people here/ mixed crowd which is great in my opinion.- Can be considered a romantic place for date. Especially if you get to sit upstairs. Just feel more private.Cons:- Can be pricey
More of 3.5 than 4 stars but rounded it up. Rating based on the type of reataurant this place fell into. Def. Not the kind of place you bring your date but good food for cheap price on west side.
Used to be my go to place when I lived in the west side. Pros:Yummy food. I usually get chicken curry, lamb vindaloo and their garlic nan. Not the best I have eaten but great if u live in the west side.Large portion in my opinion.Cons:Place can get rly loud especially when they have large 10+ something groupThey can get rly expensive for 2 people over $40.Neutral:Staffs are ok. Sometimes you get friendlier staff than others. Could be improve.
Restaurant is clean also like that it has hint of modern touch. Tried brunch and lunch. Both were good.
I forgot to write another review when I got ombre with Cassondra. I have naturally jet black hair. I had colored my hair in the past where it actually damaged it really bad and the color isnt even what I want (by several other stylists). This is my first time getting it colored by Cassondra and she got it lighten and colored execeeding my expectations. I like the shade and got lotsa compliments. Well worth $$$. Goes without saying I told them where to go.
The shittiest quality of food and service, I've experienced with Mc Donald. 1st time hear, my fries were nasty. You can tell it's been sitting out for awhile. I figured it was just a one time mistake. That happens.2nd time:The teenage kid taking my order was in a bad mood cut me off while I was trying to finish my sentence. He asked what size of meal, I would like which he would have gotten the answer if he had answered me. Anyway, I said medium. When I pulled to 2nd window for my order, i found out I was charged for large instead of medium. I figured whatever, I'm not please but I can deal with this. Then the 2nd guy handed me my cone (which started to melt already) and the rest of my order. He got the time to overly flirty after the whole thing which is just annoying and creepy. As I was driving, I realized my fries were soggy and barely warm again. Also I hot charged for large despite not wanting one and the fries not even filled to the top (half way). This place doesnt deserve to get even 1 star.
Gave this place a try and never gonna come back.It was somewhat pricey for burger, fries and a malt shake - For the price i paid i prefer going to Jack in the Box across the street. In my opinion Jack has better options.Server that took my order was rude and the place can be organize and clean a lil bit better.
This place is more of a 3.5 than 4 in my opinion. First I love modern things so this place def. Scream modern. Love the design and being there just makes me happy. The few times I was here I didn't recall having issue with my servers. We went with big groups so taking a bit longer than normal for dinner to me is understandable. I do however have mixed reviews with the food. The last time i was here the food was extremely salty. I love salt and like to add salt on my meal but it was beyond reasonable. On the other hand...the last time I had the buns they were yummy!I also like that this place have mixed crowd which is another thing i look for when I go out.
Updated:Business reach out and actually trying to improve customer experience add 1 star. To neutral review. I'll be willing to try this place again in the future.***Tried once out of curiosity. I asked the teenager behind the counter about one of yhe drink flavor, he cant explain what the flavor taste like. All he said was it sweeter than milk tea. Got the drink come to find out it taste like extra sweet coconut. I hate coconut. I used to served boba, starbucks coffee back in HS/College year. It's part of server job to be able to understand the taste of the beverage you are serving. Even if you dont want to taste the food/drink you should be able to provide some description of the drink more than it is sweet especially when the name of the drink is ambiguous. It's boba drink dude, it's laced with tons of sugar, of course it will be sweet. (-2)Small place, typical okay deco, nothing spectacular plus the experience I described above...i just dont view this place as 5 star place hence i used 4 star max for review.
LOVE this place. Pro:- The people who greets and serves customer usually very friendly and pleasant (I ordered a lot from here and they are pretty consistent service wise though I have had less than stellar encounter twice)- Good food. My favorite is the Golden Beauty, Blissfull Fried Rice and the Spicy Noodle (recommended)- For drink, I recommend the the iced Mumbai Chai- Place is fairly cleanCons:-Small spot only few tables to sit and eat (rly meant more for ordering to go)-If you do eat inside, it is hot
Small shop but great place to get Japanese condiments etc for cooking. Its not on the best location in town but this place is own by authetic Japanese which in my book set me at ease. What I meant by that:if you were to ask me whether I feel more comfortable buying groceries in a Japanese store vs Chinese store, i would say Japanese right away. In my experience Japanese people take pride on their store no matter how small their store is (There is exceptions of course but more often than not this is true. I've been to Japan multiple times in the past to be able to say this). They make sure products on the shelf are fresh and have not expired. If you go to Chinese owned store more often than not they dont care about this stuff. Everything is fair game (Dirty floor, expired food, blood on floor, etc). You should know what I meant  about Chinese store especially if you are Asian lol.
Like the one in Tempe, cant say the Scottsdale one is the same quality after I went here few times. The last time I ordered steak sanwiched they were extra salty, barely edible. Pretty disppointed. The place seemed clean though when I went there so at least that part of quality didnt drop. Service is just average.
This place is more 3.5 than a 4 but I rounded it up.Pros:Good foodGreat ambiance and love the more modern decor. When i used to live onthe west side, not being able to be around more modern design makes me feel blah. This place use to play chill/lounge music too. Not sure about now but thats my kind of beats that most ppl on this state dont get.Friendly staffCons:This place is slow. Although the staff Ive been dealing with are friendly, they seem to be very disorganize. Be ready to wait for awhile for your food.
I think it's time for me to review since I've been working with Dr. Wells for few months now. Let me start by giving some background about my issue. I was going to "regular" dr for years. I told them I dont feel good, I'm exhausted all the time etc. Mind you, I'm not overweight, under 30, I dont smoke and I rarely drink. I spent $ and time going to multiple Dr. No one willing to rly work and figured out was wrong with me. They considered me "healthy" because of everything I mentioned above dont fit sick people. One had the nerve to say, maybe its genetic and I will never get better. Then I found out life changing news. The big "C" people dont want to hear was very closed to being real for me. After surgery, I decided to go to different route and focus on integrative medicine which is something I believe in for awhile but couldnt spend money on as they arent typically cover by insurance. So yes it cost a lot of $ going to naturopathic Dr. That is the downside. Here is the positive since Ive been with Dr. Wells:1. The tests she had me took had reveals proof of what I've been complaining about for years. Let me tell you what a huge relief that was to know I have evidence now that I'm not making stuff up. None of my previous Dr. Willing to do these test because insurance doesnt typically cover them. Meaning they are missing information to help me.2. The few months I spent with Dr. Wells have improve my health far more than the years I spent going to regular Dr. I started seeing different problems get better. I'm not fully 100% but i noticed changes and to be honest I dont always follow her recommendations all the time. Sometime I forgot taking my supplements or I ate things I shouldnt be eating. Also, sometimes i dont exercise as much as I should. These are my responsibilities and does not reflect Dr. Wells knowledge.If you are one of those persons who wishes a pill to change your life and fix all your problems, you probably will be dissappointed and complained. Being healthy takes work and dedications. One Im struggling with but willing to work on. Dont blame the Dr if you dont follow her recommendations.3. I can see some people may find Dr. Wells to be "not friendly". Personally i never feel that way. Dr. Wells is the kind of person that is to the point. Frankly after going to so many Dr. I like being able to hear things straight on than running on circle with friendliness that doesnt get me anywhere until its too late.4. I dont trust people easily. That being said when Dr. Wells give me something, i research it on my own after. So far the things she gave me has proven to match with medical journal/articles that other Dr wrote to be helpful for the things i have issue with. Thats how i measure wheher she is doing her job or not.5. Unlike my regular Dr. when Dr. Wells think I dont need certain supplements/herbs anymore, she told me to stop. Meaning she is not trying to sell me and keep me on things that doesnt benefit me anymore. Gotta remember that most regular Dr. Have tied with Pharmaceutical companies and benefits from selling those drugs.I hope this review help someone out there. Dont be like me that find out life changing news when its almost too late. Yes it is expensive and i hate having to spend so much money fixing my health problems but honestly what does it matter if you have a lot of materials stuff etc if you cant enjoy it because your health problem? Do research forget this regular doctor route. I personally dont trust them anymore as my primary care. Those dr are for reactive emergency treatment not if you need to maintain good health and stay healthy.
I cant find Century link HQ on the list otherwise I would have reviewed there. Please read the reviews here. They are 100% crooks and scammers. My last straw was after attempting to cancel my service due to moving to an area which I was told by my leasing agent didnt have Century Link service. 3 different people in Century Link told me otherwise. I believed them which was a mistake!! I wasted 2 days worth pto trying to get internet up and came to find out after Century Link tech came that there is no service in my area. Called to cancel and had to argue with a sales guy (even though I hit button for cancellation dept) trying to tell me there is service after I told him Century Link Tech came here and confirmed no service. Got a mgr to cancel who told me there will be no confirmation for cancellation. Really? Called billing to make sure I wont be charged after that. They assured me I wont and told me to wait for 1 week for final bill. One week...found out today I got charged for a service I never had.2 my coworkers told me that Century Link tried to claim they never returned equipment. One smart enough to save tracking number (he got sent to a collection which I was told Century owned. If you had to put elaborate collection agency to scam people then you rly must be a piece of sh#t) the other coworker got charged about $500.They dont deserve one star. They deserved Minus stars. Dont believe me? Read BBB page for Century Link Headquarter. There are multiple complaints about this already made which I wish I had known. Not sure why they are still in business. Oh wait i know money talk right?The execs on this company and everyone who conspired on this scamming business should be thrown to jail for non ethical business conduct and scamming people. You hear me?! You WILL get what you deserve. Karma will come around and hit you slowly and painfully. If you are a Century Link employee(especially in sales) and know how messed up Century Link business practice is and still work there, you also will get what you deserve.
Overpriced rolls, smaller portion food that aren't really that tasty.I'm willing to pay $$$ for good food but this isnt the place to spend that kind of money. Best Sushi place in AZ I have ever eaten is Shimogamo. Made by real japanese. It's as close as authentic taste in my opinion. I have been to Japan before so yea I have taste real quality food there. People that said this sushi place is great had no idea what they are missing. On the other hand, their entree isnt too terribly price or taste weird (compare to their sushi). I would suggest getting entree rather than sushi if you must come here to eat. Their omurice is actually not bad. Service can be horrid especially when you order for pick up and was told it takes 15 mins, you went there and they made you wait another 15 mins and more. I order for pick up percisely because I dont want to wait that long. Manager was the one taking my order too and told me the time which made the situation worse. It seems like he didn't know his own kitchen.The good:They have done a good job with decorations of the place. I appreciate it when a place put effort on making their restaurant presentable. But its sad when something is pleasant to look at but hollow and has not other quality. The cons outweight the pros when it comes to this place though.
Decent ramen place but not the best. They also have variety of boba drinks. Sometimes this place feel disorderly and maybe borderline dirty. Service is so so. Overal his place is just average. If you feel like eating decent cheap ramen or maybe boba drinks give it a try.
Love Fez even before they move to new location.As I do love modern things this place fit nicely into that description. Food is good and this place get varity of patrons. Gives that city hip feeling, which is something Phoenix is still trying to catch up to what I called "true big cities" culture.I def would recommend this place. It will fit for dating place as well. Also it is near the Phoenix Art Walk so you can have dinner here and burn those calories after ingesting yummy food.
Love the food here! I dont think I've tried something I didn't really like. Yes, this place can be pricey and being charged for valley on top of that may be a "thumbs down" for you. However if this isnt an issue and you are craving for good food in central Phx this is the place.I also happened to like modern things. This place def can fit into that description. Service can be blah sometimes which is why I didn't give full 5 star (Server can be non-attentive or sometimes even unfriendly. Food can take long to serve. )Also one time my friend had problem with the vallet. Apparently the vallet guy that took my friend car leave (his shift ended) but didnt communicate well with his coworker so my friend had to deal with "misplaced" key. Meaning he got stuck and had to deal with bs before he got his car back.
Decent boba place. I like the open and comfy sitting area upfront and somewhat modern touch. Drink can be customized to your preference which is a plus. They give you free pop corn which for some ppl is a plus (I dont care for it and usually dont eat them/gave it back untouched).The not so good: service can be really slow which doesnt make sense to me especially when the store isn't even that busy. I used to work as barista at Starbucks and also made boba in another place back in high school/college at far busier hub. So I get it; dealing with a rush hour can be overwhelming.There wasnt rush hour though when they meet me wait for 15mins for a drink. I rly think they didnt communicate well who was supposed to make my drink and forgot about it. Unfortunately this doesnt happen once but hit and miss. Hence minus 1 star.The other minus .5 was because nothing spectacular about the taste of boba/drink.I would give this play 3.5 but no way for me to put .5.
Another fav place to eat when I'm in PHX. Good food, good ambiance and mixed crowd. They play artistic projections on the wall that I thought was cool when I was there. I def have recommend this place to others before.The cons:Not really big parking lot. On busy time that can be annoying.Service mostly decent though can be inconsistent (not very attentive).
I'm not a pizza person and only order them occassionally. But i do like thin pizza. Tried several different ones with friends, not bad at all.  Place was clean. Server was okay. I wont say that I would be back just to get pizza here hence cant decide whether I should put it a 3 or a 4. I guess considering I dont have negative experience a 4.
The best pasta I have ever had was when I visited Japan. I wont say that this place match food in Japan (fresh ingredient isnt easy to come by in the middle of the desert) but if u want to try the taste of authentic japanese/italian mixed noodles give this place a try. Also i recommend trying something else rather than ramen. Not that the ramen isnt good but there is other ramen place out there. This place have other noodle dishes u cant get in typical "japanese" restaurant in az, be adventurous and u might fine something yummy u have never tasted before.
This is my second go to ramen place beside Tampopo Ramen that I would recommend. They did good job with the kakuni (braised pork). I recommend adding that and soft boiled egg to your ramen. Service was okay nothing bad or spectacular. Price is competitive and in my opinion the kakuni makes it worth it.Venue wise, nothing great. It's okay. Not really a place to bring date with unless you know your date. If you are trying to impress this isn't it.
My favorite whole food store out of the one in Scottsdale and Tempe. I get most of my groceries here though if I forgot something I may go somewhere else close to where I live. The people that have helped me mostly friendly which is nice.I had tried eating here few times.I dont think the food taste and quality warranted the price. I would rather go somewhere else to eat but i supposed it is convenient.
First time i was here (6-7months ago) i made the mistake of ordering pho not realizing it has cinnamon on it. Just never expected cinnamon to be put on traditional vietnamese noodle dish.Anyway, the manager happened to be walking around and asked if I like my meal. I told him I wasnt expecting cinnamon but it was my fault I didnt read the menu closely. He insisted on getting me something else (Never asked for it or insinuate I need to be compensated). That initiative is pretty rare. Anyway he got me a wrap instead and it was yummy.I came back after that and tried different things. My favorite is the indian spiced cauliflower. Seriously that stuff was BOMB.I would rate this place 4.5. .5 because some of the people back at the register can be unfriendly/rude. Gave you attitude too which in its own way I found quite entertaining. I never had issue with the servers however. They were friendly and appeared accomodating.Would like to note though, the ones handling the cash register is generally the first point of contact a new customer will meet. If they experience a poor treatment here and decided the rest of experience suck from that one intetaction, you are likely to lose new customer and whoever else they would have bring next time.
If you like mushrooms like I do, plenty vatiety on the menu. They were yummy. Staff can be improved though.
Waited over 15 minutes for someone to greet me. Not busy at all! Several barbers not doing anything. This is the second time this happens to me at this location. After patiently waiting so long, I walked out. This isn't the way you run any business. Way too much competition out here for anyone to treat customers that way.Now I see why they have such bad reviews
I love this place so much. The staff are so welcoming and professional, the food is amazing. Worth every dollar
Love love love this place! The staff are very personable and make the experience great every time! The facility is very clean and sanitary, BIG BIG PLUS. Oh and of course, their work is fantastic!!! I got a perfect mani/pedi and an excellent experience each time i've come in. You must try it out, you'll have no regrets.
The food at the all American grill was very well done and tasted fantastic. My server was very nice and I could really relate to her. :)
Always friendly awesome service. I've never met anyone that wasn't super helpful here or at any of their locations.
The food is fantastic and I've come here for years.  My boyfriend also can never get enough of this place.  I love the fact that its unique to Phoenix which is why I always take visitors here.  They are also generous with samples.  I would not change anything about the food.  I wish the ambiance was a little nicer though.  Maybe a repainted wall here or there or new tables or chairs??
Cool atmosphere and nice little find. Everyone else I went with loved their food. My tacos were so so but I'd definitely come back and try some other dishes. I think I got the shrimp tacos but it was awhile ago so can't be certain.
Bought my dress yesterday and had a wonderful experience. They have beautiful dresses for reasonable prices. I loved the ambiance of the place! They really know how to create the ideal bridal shopping experience down to the tea...comfy chairs for the bride's guests, cute signs with 'love it' or 'like it.' Couldn't be happier and super excited about my wedding dress!! Thanks for helping me find this place yelpers!
The whole experience was really great! The studio feels like a girls' secret hide away with no boys allowed. Erica did a wonderful job with my hair and makeup. It was really convenient to get everything done all at the same place and added to the overall experience. Jodi was really friendly and made me feel perfectly at ease even though I was wearing something I normally would never wear and posing in ways I'd never think to pose in. I loved how my photos came out. They were sexy but cute, just the way I wanted them!
I absolutely love the bruschetta here.  Whenever I go, that's all I get.  I usually make it my meal.  I've taken out-of-town guests here a few times and they've all loved it.  Plus I like the laid back ambiance.  Its a great place to just hang out and have a glass of wine as well.  The only bad part about it is that its so popular the wait is usually pretty long
This place is awesome.  It was one of the first places I took my boyfriend to when we first started dating.  The food is fresh, authentic and the fry bread always comes out with the perfect amount of crispiness that I like.  The location isn't the best but I don't mind driving out there because the food is worth it.  The red chili is my favorite. Yum...I need to go back there again soon!!
This place is conveniently located near my house.  Its one of the nice places nearby that you can eat/hang out and isn't a chain restaurant.  The pizza is thin and crispy like I like it.  The restaurant is a pretty decent size place with PLENTY of TV's for all the sports addicts.  The patio seating is nice as well but its a shame the only view you get is the parking lot.
The food is absolutely fantastic. I'm craving it as I speak. I like that brown rice is used for the fried rice. I've never had that variation before. The sesame chicken, orange chicken and kung pao shrimp were my favorite. I would highly recommend it. The owner is the friendliest :)
Wouldn't order from here again my Burger was verry sloppy bread was stuck to the burger so I am guessing they reheated and didn't freshly cook. Fries was borderline like noodles either the fries was old or they had the fries sitting in oil for a long period of time. This is my first time writing a Yelp review so you can tell how uneasy I was about the food I ordered.
This food was so amazing! The service was so astounding. Our server, Ashtyn was absolutely fabulous. She was attentive and got the job done! Definitely going here again next time I am in Vegas.
They always do a great job on my eyebrows! I never go anywhere else! Ask for Phien, she is the best! She is also very friendly!
Doh!! This place is a no brainier for the best donuts in Las Vegas!! The Homer is a must for any Simpons fan who loves donuts. Great tasting and super creative creations won't disappoint as long as you get here early
This place is great!! Good food and fast service. Especially for to go orders through Uber Eats. Orders are always ready when you get there and delivery is quick. This is how a small restaurant should operate!
Dud an Uber Eats pick up and grabbed a piece of the taftoon bread. Absolutely delicious and super cheap at $1.66. Staff was really friendly!
I drive all the way from Sunrise Mountain to get my Mexican mocha fix. The staff is super friendly. I'd give it a five but I think the $5 for a large is a little pricey. I'll still keep coming until they open up on the East side!
Trying to pick up an Uber Eats to go order and it didn't go well. Arrived within 12 minutes of receiving the alert for pick up. It's been almost an hour and still waiting! One of the employees mentioned they do not like Uber. Not sure why, but if another business helps you get more customers then you should greatly appreciate the extra business!! Another fellow U.E. Driver was also waiting quite a while. I love their food but I will definitely not order to go from Khouris. I could have sat down in the restaurant and ordered the food and received it faster than this. Super disappointed. Not sure I'll even come back to eat in the restaurant.
We just recently moved to this clinic and I should say that Dr. Rosales did an excellent job and addressed my children's needs especially my 5-year old very proficiently. I really think that he is very charismatic to young children. Also, I've known Nidia, their office manager for a while now from the dental office where we used to go, the Aliante Dental. She's very nice and very easy to deal with. So far, I can say that I love this dental office.
My family and I came here and was greeted very professionally, and seated with a Hispanic male server. Before I knew it he had passed us off to a a white woman server. So the service was quite non chalant. Tina the server treated us okay. She was more of an order taker and did not seem to care about our experience. She never asked if we wanted any appetizers or any bar drinks. That is okay the food was okay but the thing that got me was she was throwing the n-word around like dollar bills at a strip club. I only mention this because me and my family are African-American. Guess we'll never go here again!!!!
This place is awesome.  Fun, quirky atmosphere, friendly and great service, and absolutely delicious food. Tip: parking lot can be tough, so (after 10am) you can park across the street in the Dunkin Donuts parking lot.
Sooooo good! Made to order, super fresh. Every bite delicious. This WILL be a regular spot for us.
Soooo good. Big lunch buffet selection veg & non veg.$9.00 Mango lassi on tap, superior service. Delish!
Stumbled upon a gem of a small business with huge taste in gelatos and incredible sorbets and pops.  An unassuming shop, but oh my, what incredible flavors..all organic, non GMO, no syrups or additives nothing but fresh local fresh picked ingredients and a few cross country specialties. You must go! I'm a new fan for sure. Doc, thank you! We'll see you again.. Soon!
Maybe an off night??  (our party of 6 went on a Sunday night tonight) but some of our orders were wrong or forgotten. charged extra for items we didn't order,, appetizer(tho the onion rings were good) ..the food was pretty good and our server was kind but a little..scattered. Won't be back, sorry.
Devin took pictures of our business when we first opened and the unique images he captured really helped boost our business by putting a face to the name SoZo Coffee.  He also developed some of our print/logo work and was very flexible and easy to work with, especially since we came to him with a blank canvas and tweeked our ideas along the way.  Devin was able to capture the life and movement of the business and we are grateful for the committed and timely creativity and kind professionalism.
Awesome customer service by a wait staff from managers to bussing they genuinely look like they love their job and those they work with so the vibe was great. FOOD was awesome, kids meals reasonable(super nice to our kids too), Italian sandwiches huge and very tasty. Signed up for a free cookie ice cream thru their website/Kaboom site..got it same meal. Yum.
As a coffeehouse owner in Chandler, we have a standing order for Dori's amazing (huge!) Cinnamon Rolls, the best Cheese Danish and Red Velvet Cupcakes EVER! Our customer's come in JUST for these items.   We love supporting small business owners like Dori and appreciate her "midwest" kindness also!  We strongly encourage having this bakery on your cell phone speed dial.  Her turn around for orders is quick too!  Love ya Dori!  Lori / SoZo Coffee
Perfect service by Jaime, delicious food-we got the xl pizza + 24 wings special deal and the hubby & I got the  $2  25 oz Angry Orchid hard ciders.wow!!  we love this local feel and will be back again!
We LOVE Sugarlips cupcakes!  Such a wonderful variety of flavors and the staff is super friendly and professional.  The frosting (salted caramel..oh my!) and newest creation we've had...Churro, are amazing!  I highly recommend this bakery for any private event, or if you need a dozen or two of a variety of gourmet cupcakes that will not drain your bank account.
Rose and her professional staff are amazing!! I was frustrated by other companies in the area and gave Rose a call. She came out for an estimate and to hear what I expected out of a cleaning crew. So sweet and willing to do whatever I wanted and expected. I was not disappointed after my first cleaning and continue to be amazed. They are professionals who are efficient and thorough. They not only clean but do windows, power wash patios and furniture as well. It's nice to have all of those services under one roof. You are not having to schedule several companies to do what she can do with one. You will not go wrong by giving Rose a call!!! So lucky to have found her company!!!
I will try this place one more time but will definitely not get the guy in Dreads in the far chair again. Twice he has jacked my head up and does not listen to what I actually ask for. The couple people that recommended this place later told me to go to the barber in the Middle chair which is what I will definitely do next time. One of those friends was in a rush and got the dreaded dude in the far chair and came back with his hair cut jacked up too. Great little shop but having to go to LG's to fix what that guy did twice kinda sucked. I will just request the other guy next time.
If you are looking for a good ol fashioned cheesey cheese burger.  You are in luck. Was happy to have stumbled upon this little gem of the east valley. Their chips and guacamole are off the chain and I have had a couple bites of their tacos and what a taste bud pleaser.  also take advantage of their delicious juices YUM. The staff is always been nice and when I am near that side of town I always look forward to stopping by. They have amazing hours.
Hands down the best  burger joint on Phoenix, AZ! Let me start with food. You walk in and  see large photos of the most beautifully designed burgers imaginable.You see the promotional pictures for the food served at the restaurant and yeah the food looks exactly if not better than advertised! These are not just thrown together patties. They are works of art! Any culinary professional would be more than impressed. I have not even gotten into the best part yet... These burgers taste even better than they look. Each of their signature burgers is unique in test and design. I was impressed that the could make a bacon and fried egg cheeseburger exponentially more delicious then somewhere burgers I've had in the past. But they did. The Brule Burger was the first burger i ordered over a year ago and i have been a happy customer since!What truly makes this restaurant more unique is that the future at least one brand new custom burger special each week. All of which are again culinary masterpieces. another great thing about Paradise Valley burger company is that they don't only sell burgers. They also have a wide array of tacos and sandwiches. No I have not taken advantage of there vegetarian and gluten free options they also happily serve these options.Lastly, the initial thing that made me want to come back other than the tasty food was the amazing customer service. Owner and General Manager Brent and Brian we're very cool and sociable. I have been eating at their restaurant frequently for over a year and they still ask each time how my meal is. That means a lot. I have brought many friends to eat here and I love it. I have also had a few business lunches here. That is how great the environment is inside Paradise Valley burger company.
Very unhappy with my hair cut this morning in tempe. Who starts going through an afro with a guard clipper without even combing it out first?!?!? Now the hair I've been working hard to grow is severely short on one side. Not by a little bit as you kept repeating.      I only wanted to clean it up!! Sadly this is the last time im going to let the owner completely ruin my hair. The rest of the staff has never had an issue in the years i have been coming here, short hair or long. But somehow whenever i have no choice but to sit in the owners chair, i always come out with a haircut i did not ask for.        Ill miss the rest of the staff but unfortunately  i need to find a barber shop who wont take liberties with my requests and ruin my hair styles repeatedly
The worst reasturant experience I've ever had in Tempe. This was my first and will be my last time here. Let me get the food out of the way. It is a shame they use the word "philly" in front of cheese steaks here. I have had frozen cheesesteaks with more meat and taste. Also, i just got a mailed promo from them 2 days ago, which said $2 beers all day every day. They even have that price posted next to their register. When i ask for one the moody cashier says $2.75. When i bring up the sign right next to her she dismisses it and continues to ring me up.Which brings me to the appalling customer service... Just Wow. The larger guy  who initially took my order was decent enough, though I can't help but notice some guy passed out in a booth. The cashier has to wake him up... it is the cook. Not a great start.  As i wait for my food  two girls come in yelling,  im not phased until they walk behind the counter and find out they are employees.  The short black haired girl was arguing with one of the male workers for 10 minutes, i could barely hear the football game. I have been here for 3 quarters of a football game and not once have I  been acknowledged by the staff except when iwent up for a beer. The dark haired girl was also argumentative with a guest simply asking if the game could be turned on outside. She cut him off thinking he was asking about changing the sound, stating some rehearsed line. Took the poor guy one whole minute to get his question understood.I did not have high expectations for Geno's to start but this place is like a bad movie restaurant. Will never come back and give poor word of mouth unless.acknowledged by the manager. I look forward to writing a poor review in the news publication i represent .
A couple days ago my usually durable phone finally gave in to gravity and shattered the bottom of my Samsung S5's screen.  I could see the display for a few minutes before it went black but all the important apps were not accessible. The worst part was that I had insurance but would lose 10 years worth of contacts doing so since  tmobile can't transfer contacts without using the screen... but with the LCD Screen busted I was out of luck. That was until I stumbled upon Smart Fix Now.During my search I spoke to Rob the owner who gave me a competitive rate, actually explained the process and why it was needed. Other places I reached out to gave me the doomsday sales pitch. Rob seemed very knowledgeable and really represented what a locally owned business should be so I headed over.The turnaround time was unbelievably fast! Was so happy to know that even though he had other projects ahead of mine, the walk in turnaround was barely over 1.5 hours. Rob is a great guy and even let me check out the work area and tools he used to repair my phone. I'm writing this review on the phone they fixed in no time at all.  And more importantly all of contacts are saved.i will be backing them up very soon, haha . I will be keeping this phone a little while longer since it looks brand new again.  Thanks guys!
I came in on July 3rd, 2014 in the afternoon. I was in kind of a hurry and needed a moderately complex haircut. I was called in by Gayle I believe. that was the name on the receipt she was the Asian American women. I was not being particularly pleasant at the time and she was very patient with me.  Definitely would not mind getting my hair cut from her again. Even ended up getting a more than decent haircut in the process even though we had a minor tiff in the beginning. Glad that this great clips has some good stylists in its employ.
What an amazing vibe!  Today was my first visit to Spokes on Southern and I will definitely be heading back soon! I waltz in on a Wednesday night and the Bartender David  gave this place the best first impression. He remembered my name right of the bat which is not as typical as it should be at similar establishments. Very friendly, personable and hilarious  throughout my entire visit. Also  he noticeably respected when to stop let you enjoy your drink very diligently . I was not there for Happy Hour but will be returning to take advantage of it soon. drinks look fair and have great food options. The beer was very great but all my compliments have to again to the bartender, David. I am constantly disappointed by other bars and restaurants because their staff cannot make a near decent 'Old Fashioned' spirit.  I must be honest and say that Spokes' bartender made the absolute best 'Old Fashion' since my very first. It is amazing that they have this type of talent on staff.  The food I had was also very enjoyable. Overall vibe was very positive, chill and friendly. I look forward to the summer because it looks like they have a great patio.  Probably the best first impression of a new restaurant that I have had in quite some time. Fair Prices and amazing atmosphere.
SO satisfied! I drove in slow and when I got out of my car one of the employees could already tell which tire it was. I was there for a total of 10 minutes if that. They found the tire, checked for air leaks by dunking it in water. Check the air pressure in my other tires and I was on my way!I had used their website days earlier and was emailed in a very short amount of  time with the price quote. It was the exact same amount when I payed which was surprising. Very impressed. They had all types and the prices were good. A tire and labor on my 2006 kia was $30. Great if you're in a pinch like I was  or if the care just is not worth putting new wheels on.
The Customer service at this location is top notch. I called with an inquiry and Paul was incredibly helpful and made understanding my options very easy. Was able to find a unit very quickly. Upon arrival, Jenny was super nice and equally helpful with getting me set up and familiar with the storage property. Their moving truck was tremendously helpful in moving my belongings. It was very nice to take a usually expensive extra step out of the moving process. they were so awesome that I was able to get my old roommates to use them within a few days after myself. Because of that I will be able to take advantage of the great referral incentive this location has as well. they made getting my 1st storage unit very easy and stress free so I want to thank both Paul and Jenny for that!
I was working in Pittsburgh temporarily and living out of a hotel downtown.  Laura was recommended by another person working on a film in Pittsburgh so I called her.  I was nervous as my dog had only had one walker at home.  My fretting was for naught.  Laura is amazing!!!  She left me detailed notes everyday about her adventures with my dog.  What they did, how he felt, how long he played fetch before cheating and quitting.  The notes showed me that she not only cared about my dog but truly had gotten to know him.  More importantly, she liked him!!   She even noticed some behaviors in him that I hadn't.  I miss her dearly and wish that she lived in NYC as she would be my permanent dog walker.   Pittsburgh pet owners are very lucky to have her.
I was waiting for the car to the airport and stopped in for a drink and a snack.  Sat at the bar and got a glass of sauvignon blanc and ordered the truffle potato chips.  Truffle anything is good right?  I wish I had known that the chips were going to come drowned in a dip that was well on it's way to gelatenous.   I would have ordered the dip on the side because I hate soggy chips.  The chips were amazing though.  The bartender was great and the perfect balance of chatty but not too much.
I do not eat cole slaw but it is really the element that makes these sandwiches.  They aren't full of a lot of flavor but the combined ingredients are tasty.
This was one of my favorite restaurants while working in Pittsburgh.  The decor is incredibly sexy and the food is delicious.  I don't think we ordered one bad thing.
I went with a group so the menu was preordered so I didn't get to choose. The dishes were hit or miss, the ones that were good were really tasty, the ones that were bad I can't even remember.The beef dumplings were incredibly tasty - usually they are just doughy globs.  The caesar salad, although an odd choice for a chinese restaurant, was good - I liked the addition of the wontons and cashews which gave it a nice crunch.  Obviously not traditional but a nice spin, as always too much dressing but......There was a beef dish with asian slaw - the slaw was fried to make it crunchy which was nice accompanying the beef.The chicken dish was forgettable - really I don't remember except there were hunks of chicken. The leeche martini was so over the top sweet and then the glass rimmed with sugar - I think I went into diabetic shock on this alone.
I stayed at the hotel for several months during the late fall/winter of 2006.  I love this hotels decor - minimal and clean lines which I prefer over the fussiness of the William Penn.  The heavenly beds and showers are really just that.  The shower is 1000xs better than my own apts so it was hard to get out each morning.  They are dog friendly, very dog friendly.  Bringing my dog a bed, treats and bowls.  Wish I had known that in advance as I had already hit Petco.  The doorman greeted my dog everyday with "watch out her comes killer"  yeah lame but I love when my dog gets attention.  He also pet him so I will let it slide.
Pretty small and annoying to find.  The view is nice.  The bartendar made a great martini.  The snacks were your average - cheese, crackers and shortbread cookies.  Can we get something besides chips?
First we had to wait till 7p to check into our room.  Ok, you've had the reservations for three months how did you not know you had guest coming to your hotel tonight - add more maids to change over the rooms.  We get to the room and it is any standard motel room.  No coffee pot, fridge, minibar, ipod dock.....really a crappy tv and radio is all you offer?  The bed is super comfy, the towels are stained (yes stained!)We went to the pool one day and by 9:30a the chairs were all taken, so we got a cabana.  Nice but not worth 400 bucks, the waiter was good though.  The floating river was filthy - empty cups, straws, bottles.  What idiot thought it was a good idea to let a lot of hos and bros trapsy around with their drinks in the water.  It wasn't all drinks either it was full of leaves and debris once around was enough thanks.  Disgusting.  The hallways are always freezing but the hotel rooms AC doesn't work so great.  The lions are depressing.Apparently a very common switch is to say the main tower if full so they send you to the "upgraded" West Wing.  What a dump!  The elevators look like beat up old freight elevators.  The poor people on the first floor are in a hallway that leads to the elevators - I'd be pissed if I was them.  And the rooms - you can put in all the leather and all the mirrors you want it won't hide the fact that the room is soooo small the bed blocks the window.  Don't fall for the "upgrade".Actually, remembering that I'm dropping this crap to one star - no one should pay more than 50 bucks a night for the MGM.
I love coming here for their amazing martinis and their tasty chicken dishes but one thing I don't like is sometimes I have to wait for a table for a very long time
This restaurant has the best selection of Spanish dishes. I go there a lot,and I recommend everyone try the carniasad its great.
Stopped shopping there a year ago. Heinens in Avon is our favorite. Giant Eagle should take some service lessons from them.
Overpriced margarita in a small glass with very little tequila in it. Downstairs bartenders less than friendly. I will have margaritas at a decent Mexican restaurant.
Do Not Give Them Your Credit or Debit Card!!!!The waitress "Eden" took mine 2 weeks ago @ the beginning of the night, and then gave it to someone else.  She left for home at the end of the night after giving me the news.  Eden left the Mgr Sean Kenyon to deal with with me.  Oh yeah, they lost my card on my Birthday & didn't give a hoot.I have placed many, many calls to the owner Perry Bolster... He is not returning any of my calls.Will I go back?  NEVER!!!
Outstanding service! Fractured my spine and several vertebrae years ago, Dr. Stires has helped me be pain-free and comfortable.  Many thanks!
The service here is excellent.  The food is awesome and the portions are large for a great price.  It's a small business and has limited seating but serving is fast and well worth the wait.
The food here is great and sitting outdoors during the nicer weather is a great experience!
!!Phenomenal food!!A small restaurant with great food, great prices and great service- parking area is small
One of the most professional Massage Envy's I've been to- been a member since 2007. At this location I find that Natalia and Gene are the best therapists by far for deep tissue.  Highly recommended.
Food here is great!  Nice atmosphere and great service. Affordable for a Waldorf Astoria Resort.
Beautiful venue and great service, however price DOES NOT reflect the food.  Better high end restaurants nearby for same or half the price.
Love coming here on a weekday morning for a coffee and breakfast sandwich or pastry.  Service is great, small, quaint and comfortable atmosphere.
Unbelievably yummy food!  Excellent service and a great wine selection!  Top of my list!
Great service and excellent wine selection!  Stetson chopped salad and mushroom polenta!  Super awesome!
Awesome place. Jenn and Carlos took care of me. Alot of girls. The food is one of the best places in Charlotte. Believe me
I was there with my children on a Friday night before it got busy. The service was average but my order (Bread Pudding Cake) was served to me frozen - totally frozen, like it just came out of the freezer. When I told the waitress, she laughed and walked away. I was extremely disappointed, as I have been to many Demetr's locations, and have always had a great experience. I will not be going back to this location again.
Probably one of the best pizza places to eat at especially if you have the late night munchies! Definitly convienient knowing i can order a pizza at 1am if i want. Made my last pregnancy super satisfying when i got to send my bf out to buy me pizza in the middle of the nite lol.. The employess that work at this tropicana pizza have always been extremely nice and helpful in every way possible. Everything from the pizza to the wings to the fries and appetizers are delish!
You cant go wrong with the popular $5 hot n ready pizza from lil ceasars! My kids cant wait to get outta school to go get pizza at the end of the week! Then they had to go and 1up their menu with the new $6 bestest pizza! Absolutly amazing.. Such a different taste of pizza.. My family loves it! Only real complaint i would say is outside the building happens to sit a whole lotta loitering homeless folks.. Always beggin for money and surrounding the door usually.. I jus wish they would go loiter sumwhere else considering that parking lot is super small and 9 outta 10times crowded. But hey..the lines inside usually move qyick!!
This is by far one of the best mexican food places to eat at! I loved robertos taco shop since i first tried there food... But then i found this even more convienient mexican food shop right nearby where i live.. And i think its waaay better! Great service... Fair prices.. Friendly employees and awesome fulfilling meals! I definitly reccomend eating here!
I recently broke my washing machine and this company did a great job fixing it right awayI was searching online for techs available asap to do the job and the rep here said he could set up a appointment with us right away. They did a terrific job and gave me a honest price!!!
Get ready to pay a lot for ice cream. But I have to say it was worth it. Not the cleanest place though. I got the Coconut which is one of their top picks.
The staff and Dr. onsite (Jonathan) were amazing. We came in for my son's breathing issues. Even though we are visiting from out of town, it is good to know that this urgent care was accessible. Some of the best medical staff we have ever met. Customer service was terrific. Bookmark this Urgent care if you're traveling to the Phoenix downtown area. Life savers!
Fantastic burgers. Time to try the lobster and shrimp sandwich and creme brle shake.
Had a 130 appt for a facial. I was wearing the collagen and he said their product could help me. Honey, I was wearing your product and it did not erase a forehead line. Backtracking with your stupid italian accent is as fake as your product.
I had been to Gordon Ramsey's Pub and Grill and loved the Bangers and Mash  with Sticky Pudding for dessert. Here, it's gourmet burgers, specialty fries and beers that can compliment the meal. OK, I left off the jalapeos, but it was still a Hell's Kitchen Burger. I like the spicy ketchup for the fries because of the smokey taste. The burger was great. Only piece of advice for Gordon, coach the staff on what beers/ales compliment each burger. Yes, the beers on tap change. But the beers you order are their for a reason. Please open a restaurant in Orange County , California. If my suggestion could make you money, I'd love an autographed cookbook.....at least an autographed menu.
Staff was friendly, responsive, & efficient. Room was very clean. We had a suite: small kitchenette, pull-out sofa for one kid, the other kid slept comfortably on the LR chair & ottoman (so we didn't need the $10/night rollaway bed), we had a master bedroom w/ an additional TV. Free hot breakfast was typical hotel chain b'fast: make-yer-own waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage, cereal, bagel, juice, milk, etc. During our Halloween stay, the staff carved their own jack-o-lanterns & had guests vote on the best--this spoke well of the management creating a fun activity for the staff & guests. Only downsides: no free shuttle to & from the strip or even the airport, the sliding door between the master bedroom & the LR didn't close all the way & was noisy when moving, & the couch was uncomfortable to sit on. But, really, those are minimal concerns. Would def. stay again & recommend to others.(from my review on another site, but still mine, and still current)
Do not use! We were basically robbed by our driver for having two airport drop off points. Our first party paid our fare plus extra for our second party to reach their gate. He double charged and our second party paid a full fare in addition. Thieves!
Filthy. Finger prints and BLOOD on walls, broken door to the room, filth and black marks on the room chairs. We really thought the Paris was a top notch hotel prior to arrival but we're stunned with disappointment. Do yourself a favor and go down the street to the beautiful and luxurious Mandalay Bay. (It's cheaper too!) We ended up paying an extra $50 a night to upgrade to a clean room, I feel that that cost should've been waived due to the filth we experienced:( THE worst Vegas hotel I've seen. If zero stars was an option I'd rate this hotel as zero stars. BummedUPDATE: after the room upgrade it dawned on us that this must be a common tactic of the hotel to force their customers into paying more upon arrival.  They offered us the upgrade initially at additional cost and we declined. But upon inspecting the first room and its filth, upgrading was a must. Pretty shady business in my opinion. On the plus side the upgraded room was cleaner, but still worn down.  All of the photos I've posted are of the upgraded room! What a joke. This entire hotel needs a major renovation.As mentioned previously, Mandalay Bay Is a much better value for what you spend, go there instead:) hope this helps y'all avoid the BSPS: all photos are of the upgraded room
Dr. Walsh is amazing! So kind hearted and warm, if I was afraid of going to the dentist she would definitely put my worries at ease! (Just for all you patients that are afraid of the dentist) She did my routine check up which was fairly easy and quick. I also had Dr. Yami who was awesome as well! I've seen her a couple of times for deep cleanings and perio maintenance and she always delivers! I definitely recommend coming here, not only because it's in a convenient location but the staff here is in point!
Amazing pizza!! Amazing service. Deep dish pizza is the way to go! Cheesy garlic bread, mild chicken wings and French fries are amazing! Definitely gonna come back again. Our server Autumn was amazing and attentive. Five stars for sure
I'm no Korean food expert, but I know what I like.  And I know when I've eaten better.  And at this particular location of Nak Won, I know I've eaten better.Service was friendly, but very sparse.  There was one girl running the entire floor.  We felt bad for her, but we had to keep buzzing for service (each table is equipped with a buzzer).  She was really nice, but you could tell all the tables were getting pissed.I ordered Sullang Tang (stewed beef in broth) and my companion ordered Seafood Dwenjang Chigae (seafood/veg/tofu in soy bean sauce broth).  The soups arrived lukewarm!  And the broth for both tasted very piggy, like pork entrails.  Almost like they didn't rinse the pig parts before dumping them into the broth pot.  We also shared a Tempura Shrimp Appetizer.  The shrimp were reused (or refried) and were small, shriveled and dry.  The vegetables were mostly potato slices.  The tempura coating was very greasy and not crispy/crunchy at all.  Very disappointing.       What saved the meal were the nine little containers of re-fillable banchan (appetizers/side dishes): honey potatoes, marinated soybeans, bean sprouts, fish cake, etc.  We mostly ate those.  But who wants to pay for a meal and only enjoy the free side dishes?  The mains were not worth it!
I frequent this place at least once every two months for congee.  For the unfamiliar, congee is like Chinese comfort food.  It's a thick bowl of rice porridge cooked until the rice is mush and barely recognizable, with meat and veggies thrown in.  Their congee is quite good.  It's always seasoned well, and they don't skimp on ingredients.  I get either the scallop or fish congee, and it comes loaded with seafood.  Their salty donut sticks (for dipping into the congee) are always hot and fresh.  Their food dishes are also good.  I've had their fried noodles, stir fries, spicy radish cake, and fried seafood.  It's all tasty.  The restaurant itself is slightly run-down, but the staff keep it clean.  Service is available in English, Mandarin and Cantonese.  All in all, good for a quick Chinese food fix.
I went to La Maison du Macaron in Montreal last month.  This place and Point G macaron boutique are located within walking distance of each other.  The store is bright and modern, with a sit-down cafe area in a separate room.  The people working there very friendly and helpful.  They have 24 flavours to choose from, I tried 6 of them and they were all very good.  One was stale, but still tasted good.  Flavours I had were: apple cinnamon, chocolate banana, blueberry, matcha green tea, caramel fleur de sel, and mango amarula.  They also have a ice box display case of frozen ice cream macarons.  It's a macaron sandwiching ice cream in the middle.  They had several flavours on offer, we tried green apple and pineapple.  It was sweet and icy cold, with a very fruity and creamy ice cream centre.  Yummy!
The guy behind the counter was super friendly.  Dare I say flirty?  Hopefully so, since I was flirting.  And it's an embarrassment when you are flirting alone.  Ahem!  Errr....awkward situation aside....Petite Thuet is not bad, but it's not perfect either.  I give it a wholehearted "meh".  I purchased four macarons at $1.95 each in pistachio, strawberries & cream, lemon, and coffee.  No wait, hazelnut.  Caramel?  Well it's brown coloured....something?  Yeah, dude had no idea what the brown was.  It tasted like Tiramisu, so I'll stick with that.  The lemon was crusted with yellow sugar, which was totally uncalled for.  A macaron is sweet enough!  And one out of the four macarons wasn't too fresh. A-okay, but I won't be making a trip back anytime soon.  Not even for the dude's phone number.
Went to Earth Bloor West for Winterlicious dinner 2012.  Food was acceptable.  Soup was a basic broth, mains were excuted nicely and dessert was amazing.  What troubled us was the atrocious service.  We were a group of six young women, branded as "Winterlicious Cheapskates" from the beginning.  Our waitress clearly didn't want to serve us or bother checking on us.  She was rude and unapologetic. I will not go out of my way across the city for that experience again.
This place has the most delicious vermicelli I've ever had.  I like vermicelli bowls (usually dry rice noodles, shredded cucumber, carrot, bean sprouts, peanuts, fish sauce, topped with BBQ meat and spring roll) but this was different.  I couldn't stop eating these noodles.  There was something special about them.  Addictive.  Sounds sinister, but I have a suspicion they add butter to them.  Most rice vermicelli noodles in Toronto are bland until you add fish sauce.  These noodles were very rich tasting!Service was "meh", hurried and not too friendly.  Dining room is mostly communal tables, so be prepared to share the same table with a bunch of strangers.  Prices are higher than Toronto.  Vietnamese food in Toronto tends to go by size (sml, med, lrg, xlrg). The prices in Montreal reflect one size, and it's pretty large.  Still...I would go back for another hit of those buttery rice noodles.
I've been to MoRoCo as both a dine-in customer and a boutique shopper.I went for brunch on a Saturday with a few girlfriends.  The decor was elaborate (in a trashy Marie Antoinette way) but fun.  The servers were all very pleasant.  The food was nice, but expensive for what you get.  We had Salmon Eggs Benedict, Caramel Banana Pancakes, and Milk Chocolate Fondue.  The salmon benny was good, but I've had the same elsewhere for a better price.  The pancakes were delicious though, and the fondue was also very good.  You can select milk, white or dark chocolate for the fondue.  They bring it to you in a little crock pot over a flame, and the morsels include homemade marshmallows, bananas, pineapple, strawberries, and mini financiers.  I've also been in just to purchase chocolates and macarons.  The macarons have always been fresh when I got them.  I love the Salted Caramel and Pistachio ones!  I've also tried Lavender, Rose, Raspberry, and Lemon - all quite good.  It's a nice spot to go to for a macaron fix!
I went in for macarons only, but everything looked yummy.  Especially the Croque Monsieur, it was huge and cheesy but priced at $7.10!  The girl who served me was super-nice and helpful.  She greeted me with a "bonjour" and helped me thoroughly with my macaron purchase.  They sell pre-packaged sets of small macarons, or large individual macarons for $2.50 each plus tax.The flavours I got were Pistachio, Earl Grey Tea, Raspberry, Salted Caramel and Coffee.  The weren't terribly fresh, but they weren't bad either.  Earl Grey Tea was the best, it even had ground up tea leaves in the macaron shells!  The Coffee and Salted Caramel were a little too sweet for me.  The Pistachio was artificial tasting, and the Raspberry was average.  Now that I've tried their macarons, I'd love to go back for some fig bread and that Croque Monsieur!
My coworkers and I stumbled across this place during lunch one day.  I cannot walk by any bakery without going in, so we went in.  The place is small, was kind of dark inside during the day.  It was clean though, and they had a lot of packaged French style cookies on shelves and cakes and pastries on display.  They even had macarons!  We bought a package of six macarons for $8.50.  It contained lemon, hazelnut, pistachio, chocolate, raspberry, and vanilla.  They were small but fresh.  The owner told us he makes them in small batches every day.  Overall, it was nice to find French goodies near my office!  My coworkers went back the very next day for more macarons!
My girlfriend and I went to Stonegrill with a voucher for $80 worth of food and drink.  We ordered cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries (good), two entrees and one dessert to share (bread pudding, just okay).For our entrees, we opted not to get anything "stone grilled" like so many tables around us.  It honestly looked bland, and it looked like a hassle.  Korean BBQ is way better (and cheaper) than this.  Anyways, she ordered the Bison Steak with Blue Cheese and I had the Lobster Stuffed Chicken Roulade.  Both of these were alright, with okay side veggies & mash.Service was alright, attentive at first, less so as it got busier.  The hostesses were rather annoying, they stood around chatting while the waiters were busy, and they looked as though they were sizing everyone up.  Whatevs.  The food didn't blow me away, and I wouldn't be back at regular prices.  I don't mind paying for quality, and this wasn't my definition of quality.
The owners of this place have changed recently.  They are most certainly Chinese and I speak Mandarin with them.  They have cleaned the place up a bit, and started making some new items.  They are selling French macarons now, very small in size.  A set package of six for $6.00 (hazelnut, chocolate, raspberry, lemon, pistachio, vanilla).  They were okay, but a little on the dry side.  I will keep buying my macarons elsewhere.  Their buns are usually fluffy and fresh, made daily.  Their mousse cakes are fruity and moist.  I can eat several helpings of it, it goes down very easy.  And if you order a cake, they can combine any fruits you wish.  Mango and strawberry tastes great!  They have some window seating available, but I recommend buying your goods and leaving the sketchy plaza.
I heard through the grapevine The Sweet Escape only sells macarons on Saturdays and Sundays, so I stopped in today late afternoon (Saturday) to pick some up.  The place was quite busy, with lots of people buying stuff to go or seated in the dining area.  The staff were efficient and very nice, which was cool considering how busy it was. Prices are $2.00 per macaron or $10.00 for 6 macarons.  They had three flavours today: chocolate, salted caramel and coconut.  I'd read from previous reviews that their macarons are "meh", so I was prepared for mediocrity.  Well, perhaps they kicked it up a notch with the recipe... because these macarons were a-ok!  They were crispy and airy, yet still moist in the centre.  I could tell they were fresh.  Not overly sweet, and the flavours were distinct.  If I'm ever there again during the weekend, I'd most likely stop in for some more.  If you go for macarons only (like I did), make sure you go on the first day they sell them so that they taste their best.  The other cookies and cupcakes on display looked interesting, too.
I've been to a lot of different Keg Steakhouses around Canada, but I would not return to this one.  The food was good, but the service was horrible.  I've been to the Keg in Old Montreal many times, which is always a great experience.  Friendly staff and good food.  Here at Place Ville-Marie... it was a different story.The staff was plentiful, young, attractive and bored.  They all stood around chatting and flirting with one another instead of attending to customers.  The worst part were the hosts/hostesses.  They were plain rude and upset that we were carrying large bags.  They wanted us to check them.  Ridiculous - there was lots of space at the tables, and the restaurant was half empty.  We received a lot of attitude.  I will never be back at this location!  When in Montreal, go to the one located at the Old Port instead.  So much better.
There are a lot of bad reviews for this place, but I didn't find it so bad.  The inside of the restaurant is run down, but service was polite and attentive.  The price was cheap.  It's a buffet that offers many, many choices.  Some dishes are better, some are worse.  We went very late at night, and enjoyed that...:- There were bamboo baskets of dim sum at 10pm.- There is a drink station for coffee, tea (both oolong & jasmine) and fruit drinks.  - They had some very traditional Chinese veggies (nappa, black fungus, yams, etc).- They had a pot of glutenous (sticky) rice in addition to plain and fried.- There were several seafood selections (crab, baby squid, shrimp, fish).- There were traditional gross out dishes (stewed pigs feet, chicken feet, tripe).I would eat there again, but only during lunch or late night prices ($11.99) since I'm a cheapo.
I'm so glad I finally tried Butter (not magarine - ha! ok sorry lame).  The owners (bro & sis) are so sweet, very nice people!  I went on Macaron Day T.O. (March 20/2012).  Free macaron was Salted Caramel, so scrumptious.  I'd say it's my favourite flavour there!  You can taste the butter and love.  I also purchased a box of six, placed into a very sturdy and good-looking box.  $13.50 for 6 macarons:Seasalt CaramelMatchaEarl GreyPeanut Butter & JellyChocolate BananaWhite Chocolate StrawberryThey are on the smaller side, about the size of a toonie.  Very fresh though, with the proper texture a macaron is famous for.  Flavour-wise, other than the luscious caramel and PB&J, I found them a little on the sweet side.  I had to really concentrate while chewing to guess what flavour I was eating.  Which was okay by me, because there are a lot other worse things to fixate on than chewing a macaron.
They sell Bobbette & Belle macarons at McEwan's grocery store (Shops at Don Mills) and Holt Renfrew's Gourmet Cafe (Bloor St).  I heard that the macarons arrive fresh at McEwan's every Friday morning, so I went in last week for some.Prices are $2.00 per individual macaron or $10.00 for a pretty box of 5 different flavours.  The individual selection featured four flavours, but the box contained one extra flavour.  I got the box, which had mocha, passionfruit, pistachio, lychee, and black forest.  Macarons always taste great fresh, and this instance was no exception.  The shells were light and crisp, and the fillings were moist.  The exotic fruit flavours were done very well.  I would definitely get these again!  If you go to McEwan's to try them, make sure you go between any Friday morning and afternoon so the macarons taste their best!
I went in with only one intent in mind: MACARONS!  I am a macaron monster, and I am on a mission to find the best in the GTA.  At Rahier, I bypassed all the cakes, pastries and cookies and went straight for the macarons.They are sold by weight, which is a good idea considering the sizes are inconsistent.  I got four, and the girl somehow picked up two average sized ones (slightly larger than a toonie) and two tiny ones (about the size of a quarter).  This cost $2.45 plus tax.  They only had two flavours for individual sale today: lemon and apricot.They also had large multi-flavour macaron packages, but I didn't want to risk it.  Interesting to note: the packages are sold by weight too, and they weigh them in the box.  So you are paying for the weight of the box!Macaron verdict: they were really good!  Very fresh, crisp shells and moist melty interiors.  The fruity flavours were done well and not overly sweet.  I would definitely go back for these again, especially to try in other flavours.  And buying them by weight is a pretty good deal, instead of the set price of approx $1.75-$2.50 per macaron at most places.The service is not the best though, I'd expect better than the rude little girls they employ.
Holy expensive, Batman!  But to me, worth every penny.  I happily fork out the dollars for this authentic "mom & pop" couple.  They are REAL Japanese people making SUSHI and delectable desserts.  Damn fine sushi.  A real family run operation, their daughter even served us.  She was very sweet and adorable.  We sat in the back section, in front of the sushi bar action.  We watched Mister "Michi" prepare everyone's fish with a very experienced hand.  We also witnessed Mrs. "Michi" preparing fried chicken, soba and rice bowls. They were so cute.My companion and I shared a spicy salmon roll to start, the most expensive one I've had in my life ($7.45 for six pieces of maki).  Most places charge half that price for the same thing - but different caliber, as we soon realized.  This was fresh and delicious, large hunks of salmon in a spicy mayo, surrounded by perfectly warm, vinegar-ed, sticky sushi rice.My companion and I both had the Chochin Bento.  We loved the three tiered compartment bowls.  The top bowl contained karaage with spicy mayo (Japanese fried chicken).  Hot, crispy, juicy and delicious!  It didn't look like a lot, but there was actually quite a bit of chicken in there.  The middle bowl contained the best sashimi I've ever had, fresh and melty.  Six slices in total, two each of salmon, tuna and whitefish.  There was a shiso leaf in there too, I've never had shiso.  It was minty.  The final bottom bowl contained the excellent sushi rice, slivers of fried egg and pickle, and two slices of yummy sweet grilled eel.  If you want a picture reference, the Chochin Bento was uploaded by Patty L in photos.  It's DEELISH!Our Chochin Bento meal sets also included green salad (quite big with a nice tangy dressing), unlimited coffee or tea (we chose green tea) and a slice of dessert (home-made cakes).  We each had the green tea cake, and split an earl grey tea chiffon cake. Lightly sweet, fluffy, fantastic icing.  The daughter said her mother made both those cakes just that morning.  All in all, a great sushi and dessert experience!  I must go back!
What a great little shop!  They carry all kinds of goodies from high end places in the city, in addition to their own store made goods.  They even have a selection of chocolates from Soma in the Distillery district!  My friend treated me to a holiday gingerbread person (my own non-denominational, non-sexist cookie term) and it was truly delicious.  How can a little gingerbread person be so delicious?  It was not overpowering in ginger spice (remember her? her singing career bombed after leaving the Spice Girls), it was buttery and he/she melted on my tongue (sorry for the crude imagery. non-perverse review, uncheck).  I also tried Stollen for the first time, a German cake containing dried fruit & marzipan covered with powdered sugar.  I've never been inclined to try Stollen, since I always thought it looked like a dry loaf of fruitcake-type bread, and I hate fruitcake.  Boy, was I mistaken!  Here, it was a joy to experience.  It was melty, sugary, nutty.  The bread part tasted like the insides of a soft baguette.  The dried fruit was not candied maraschino cherry crap, but good quality dried raisins and berries.  All together with the smooth powdered sugar, YUM.  I would buy a loaf of this!Also of note: bags of sesame cheese sticks at the cash counter.  Salty, buttery, crispy, wonderfully addictive.  Expensive though at nearly $10 a bag!  Yikes!  But you do get about 25 Pocky-sized sticks in there.
Macaron update: I tried them again on a Friday morning, they had just been delivered.  They were much better than before.  Lots of flavours in stock.  If you want them, get them on a Friday morning!
I was surprised to see French macarons at this location (Yonge & College).  They are in the glass display case at the bakery section.  I went late at night, and a very nice manager got them out for me.  They had two flavours: Strawberry Chocolate and Pistachio, $1.59 per macaron. They were huge and did not embody true macarons at all.  Very dense, cakey cookies. For the unfamiliar or the macaron enthusiast, these are not authentic macarons in the least!  Please note my review is based on the quality of the bakery item I purchased, and does not encompass the entire store or my shopping experience!
Thanks to Jennifer K's review, I went there for macarons!  And I was very happy!  They were delicious.The service was attentive and friendly.  I love seeing all the pretty colours on display, and they had a lot of flavours to choose from.  I tried one each of Blueberry Lemon, Rose Lychee Raspberry, Passionfruit, Vanilla, Salted Caramel, and Lavender Cassis.  They were all fresh and moist.  The flavours were done very well!  You could taste real fruit in the Passionfruit and see black vanilla seeds in the Vanilla.  My only complaint is that the macarons aren't the same price across the board, they vary from $2.25 to $2.50.  Also saw people eating English High Tea, the finger sandwiches and pastries looked great!
I find this little cookie shop ultra-adorable!  The little blonde girl inside was equally nice.  I got a dozen shortbread cookies, plus additional boxes requested by friends (most of us live in the GTA).Flavours I tried: whole wheat walnut crunch, chocolate crunch, hazelnut chocolate crunch, dutch chocolate crunch, coffee crunch, orange crunch, and mint chocolate crunch.  What gives all these cookies the "crunch" moniker is the addition of toffee bits.  Personally, I am a HUGE fan of crunchy toffee (think Skor and Daim) - so these cookies are a winner with me!  Delicious!  Sweet and scrumptious!  Be warned though - they are very expensive (due to quality butter and other ingredients).  But the orgasm is worth it.
I was given a voucher for $80 worth of food at La Maquette for my birthday.  My dining partner & I managed to get three entrees out of that: Roasted Lamb ShankBroiled Scallops & RisottoVegetarian Wellington The food was room temperature, at best.  Nothing was even served warm.  The lamb shank would have been more tender had it been the proper temperature.  Because it was cold, the meat and tendons were tough.  The scallops, though large, were full of sand and lacking scallop flavour.  The vegetarian wellington would have also been more tasty had it not been cold.  Service was very "meh".  It was a tag team of two waiters, the older gent was very nice and fun, while the younger one lacked some proper manners.  Sorry, La Maquette, but I don't think I'll be back.
I've been to this place several times now (for both lunch and dinner).  My absolute favourite is the Lobster Roll (tempura lobster with sweet mayo, like a Dynamite Roll on steroids).  It's the bomb!Service is always friendly, the waitresses are really sweet.  Ambience is cool, they managed to successfully transform it from the previous run down pub to an upscale sushi bar.  They also have fun sushi roll names, so bring a hot date to try the "Erotica" Roll...My only complaint (since I am a bit of a cheapie) is that this place is expensive at night!  Entrees and stuff range into the plus $20s.  The food is good, but not remarkable...you can easily get the same quality of food elsewhere for less.  Just sayin'.
One of my all time favourite places for dim sum!  They are a bit more expensive than other places, but I've never had a bad dish.  Some of my faves are shrimp beancurd roll, minced meat football puff, chicken feet, har gow, shrimp cheung fun, fried squid tentacles, stewed beef tendon, black bean pork ribs, shui mai....OK, OK, I love dim sum food period.I've also had the pleasure of eating Peking Duck there, twice.  Both times were great.  The pancakes were soft, and the duck was not overly greasy (I've had Peking Duck at other places that make you sick from the grease!).  Perfect duck skin should be crisp and a touch oily, but not soaked with grease.  Service is usually good, available in English, Cantonese and Mandarin.  Parking lot is large and convenient.  When you're done eating, you can even check out Nino D'Aversa Bakery for a cannoli.
Taro frozen yogurt is the best flavour concept ever created.  Fat free to boot... I am totally hooked!  I have driven to Pacific Mall, parked, and trekked in just to get this yogurt.  It's true that the texture is more icy than creamy (melts quickly), but that's the fat free factor.  I skip the toppings, don't feel it's necessary.  I've tried the taro, strawberry cheesecake, green tea, ferrero rocher and original flavours.  My fave is still taro.  The dudes that run the place are always really friendly, too.
Please note my review is based only on their macarons, which was my reason for visiting.  The actual establishment is cute, the service was very friendly, and the other pastries and food looked good.Now, onto the macarons.  They were hands down the worst macarons I've had in the city.  I purchased the six pack for $8.50 plus tax.  They looked very pretty, and I nearly bought a larger pack.  Thank God I've learned to buy macarons in small quantities, because there's nothing worse than wasting hard-earned money on bad macarons.The colours, size and shape are appealing and look like the real deal.  Do not be fooled by this!  The macaron shells were not crisp and moist, instead they were chewy, gummy... dare I say rubbery?  That's one word I've never used to describe any macaron.  They did not taste like heavenly almond meringue.  They tasted like raw Pillsbury dough left on the hood of a car.  The fillings were equally atrocious.  Stale jam and chalky ganache.  The flavours were lemon, raspberry, vanilla, orange, purple and green.  I'm serious, I could not detect what flavours those colours were.  I thought the green was either pistachio or mint, but the shell was just sweet and the filling tasted like nutella maybe.I want a good macaron now to erase the painful memory!  Sigh.
Fantastic German bakery!  My friend and I went specifically for strudel and soft pretzels.  The place is basically a wholesale bakery that is also open to the public.  The prices are simply amazing.  They have a variety of strudel (apple, blueberry, etc), they are HUGE (about 2 feet long) and only $4.00!  You can also buy half a strudel, which is plenty as dessert for a family of six.There is also Struesel (a crumbly coffee cake with fruit), Danishes, and more.  The fresh buns smell wonderful, they have a large variety of cookies as well.  We also bought soft pretzels and pretzel buns, everything was chewy goodness.  We even ate buns on the drive home!
I cannot recommend Stash Cafe enough to friends, family, strangers!  Just ignore the fact that Rachel Ray also loves it.Located in Old Montreal (Vieux-Montral), this old world Polish restaurant serves up deliciously large plates of weiner schnitzel, peirogi, potato pancakes, pan seared fish, etc.  My weiner schnitzel (veal) was the size of my big head, pounded thin and fried up crisp and buttery.  The sides with it were shredded pickled beets (sweet and tart) and large, buttery wedges of potato.  My companion had pan seared white fish.  There were three very large and meaty fillets, fried up crisp and buttery.  Sides included the potato wedges and a fresh salad with creamy dressing.A lot of people ordered the poppy seed cake, but we were too stuffed to indulge.
I went for macarons only!  Cakes and other goodies looked good, but I didn't try them.  Service was friendly.  Sadly, the macarons are VERY artificial tasting.  Pistachio had no signs of real pistachios, and tasted the most fake.  Raspberry Rose Lychee was too sweet, and Salted Caramel tasted burnt!  Not like toffee burnt, like really burnt in a bad way.  I wouldn't get the macarons again, but I would definitely go back for other stuff.  Saw some tables having English High Tea, and it looked yummy!
Went with several friends, service was friendly enough.  We love fried chicken, and we each ordered small half & half (meaning half original flavour and half sweet/spicy sauced).  The chicken was certainly hot, crunchy and delicious.  However, a couple of observations:- We each ordered a small.  Instead, they brought our orders dumped all together on the same plate.  This is NOT professional - we each ordered separately, so give us our separate plates of chicken.  We had no way of telling how much each of us should have gotten.  Also, they charged us individually for small, when in reality the plate was the equivalent to what neighbouring tables had ordered as a medium (which costs $4 less than the sum of our orders).  Not cool.- The place looks like a dive.  It was really dirty and beat up, like the kind of dark place you'd visit after getting drunk at the local pub.  The interior of McDonald's is high class compared to this.Good chicken, but definitely get it to GO.
Finally got to try this place!  The interior is bright, clean, modern, with a great view of Trinity-Bellwoods Park.  Service was mediocre, I was served by two very snotty girls.I ordered several macarons (chestnut, mojito, blackberry, salted caramel).  The flavours and textures were quite good, however, one was rock hard stale.  I also ordered three mini canele, which also had a stale one in the bunch.  The canele flavour was right up my alley though: rich, eggy, vanilla-beany, like a chewy creme brulee the size of a thimble.I find for the price though, the level of freshness was inconsistent.  I would visit again only if I was in the area, but it's not worth a drive in from the surrounding GTA.
One of my favourite places for good, affordable sushi! I've been eating there regularly for the past 8 years.  I wouldn't say their quality is the best, but it is always fresh.  They always start you off with free appetizers ("panchan" in korean) which include: vegetable pancake, honey glazed potatoes, edamame soy beans, yam glass noodles, and kimchi.  Sometimes you have to ask for the kimchi, as not everyone likes spicy preserved cabbage.  You can even ask for a second round of free apps!I love their dragon rolls (tempura shrimp rolled inside) and their spicy salmon handrolls.  The bento boxes are a great deal, and their kalbi (korean bbq beef shortribs) are delicious.  Not-so-great eats for me have been: spider roll (the soft shell crab is panko breadcrumb crusted instead of tempura fried, I find it doesn't taste as good), sukiyaki (raw meats and noodles cooked in broth fondue style) and bibimbap (korean stone bowl rice dish, which was done poorly).Also, the ventilation system in the restaurant is terrible.  Your hair and clothes will reek of tempura when you leave!  That's actually stopped me from going there on nights when I don't want to go clubbing after wards smelling of fryer oil.  I'm not joking, the smell is thick!
How can I be the first to review, this place has been around for three years!  Food and service are all around good.  Lunch specials are good deals, you can add extra things like tempura for a small charge.  Dynamite (tempura shrimp) handrolls are deelish.  The lunch bento boxes are a great value.  My coworkers and I once experienced "bad" sashimi (salmon had gone fishy...GROSS).  When we told them, they actually gave us a $50 gift card for the trouble!  And they gave us a plate of fresh salmon sashimi.  I think they were embarrassed by the situation, but it's rare to find a restaurant these days that has so much integrity.  I've been to places where they don't give a crap if you find a hair or bug or rotten food.  But obviously, this place does give a crap.  Good on them.
Of all the Vietnamese restaurants in Scarborough, this one's my favourite.  First of all, it's run by real Vietnamese people.  I always get the Bun (vermicelli bowls) and they are always fresh and yummy.  The spring rolls and grilled meats are awesome.  I can't say anything about the Pho, as I am not a beef noodle soup person.  Other items that I've also liked were: fresh shrimp rolls, fried shrimp rolls (individually wrapped crispy fried shrimp) and crab & asparagus soup.  Restaurant is bright, clean and fairly modern.  Prices are mostly under $10 per person.  Fruit shakes are good, but ask for them in the take-away container as it is about 50% bigger than the dine-in glass!  The service can also be terrible sometimes, and no one's ever thanked me goodbye.
3.5 Stars.  I purchased an online voucher for $15 for $30 worth of goodies at Bo & Bon.  It's quite a new bakery that opened up recently near Bathurst & 401.  Apparently, there are a few Bo & Bon's in New York City (http://www.bo-bon.com).  They specialize in macarons, cupcakes, and flavoured marshmallows. The shop is very cute.  Their goodies are all kosher (fyi), and everything is nicely displayed.  I spent the entire value of my voucher on macarons!  The boxes are very neat, and the flavour choices are many. I bought 12 macarons (2 boxes of six at $16/box plus tax).  That's a bit more expensive than most boxes of six that I've bought around the city (and I've bought them almost everywhere in Toronto).   They were as yummy as they were pretty.  The flavours I chose were:StrawberryCaramelPeanutPistachioChocolate MintLemonVanillaPassion FruitBlueberryChocolateMangoRaspberry Their cupcakes looked good, too. The marshmallows were very pretty, though I am not a fan of marshmallows at all. There is very limited (and tight!) parking in front of the store, it's located in a narrow strip plaza. If you are nearby, go in and check out all the colourful treats!
The restaurant is small and the decor is not the best, but the food is always good and tasty.  Service can be slow and the waiters are not always on the ball, but they are polite.  Washrooms are tiny and down some very narrow stairs in the basement! I've had their lunch buffet often, it's reasonably priced and always fresh.  Good selection with about ten dishes and fresh tandoori chicken.  My favourites are the butter chicken and palak paneer (curry spinach and cheese).  The butter chicken is creamy rich and they only use white meat.  Curry goat is delicious, too.  I've had better naan elsewhere, but for soaking up the sauces it's just fine.  For dessert, don't overlook the small ice cream freezer opposite the buffet table!  They usually have mango, vanilla, chocolate and/or strawberry.  Dinner entree portions are on the small side, so if you can get there for lunch it's a better deal.
My main reason for visiting is always macarons!  Size is large and $2.50 each.  They are always fresh and heavenly when I visit, which is Friday afternoons.  I find that's the best day to get macarons anywhere, as they are prepared for the weekend crowds.My all time favourite macarons from La Bamboche are:Caramel Sea Salt (caramel toffee in salted caramel buttercream)Pistachio (100% pure pistachio filling, sweet and nutty)Yuzu (Japanese citrus, delicate lemony grapefruit flavour)I've also had their croissants, which are very rich and doughy.  I prefer my croissants to be less greasy and more flaky.  But again I say... awesome macarons!  Expect items to be on the expensive side, as they are a gourmet patisserie.  The staff are always very pleasant and helpful, too.
I went there for macarons, and it was my lucky day!  I was served by the owner, I think.  She was an older (and very French) woman, who everyone called "Madame".  There were also younger staff present, but "Madame" came over to help me.  I told her I was there to eat macarons! And she was very friendly, attentive, and generous!  She described all the flavours to me, and I asked for one of each.  She then proceeded to give me triple of each!!  And she told the cashier girl to ring up only the amount I asked for (which was 6 macarons).  I ended up with a hefty little brown paper sack of macarons.  God bless her for feeding my greedy soul.  Each macaron is slightly larger than a toonie.  Flavours the day I went were: Raspberry, Chocolate, Coffee, Pistachio, Lemon, and Vanilla.  The flavours were done nicely.  I always love seeing black vanilla seeds in an authentic Vanilla.  Pistachio contained finely ground nuts, yummy.  Something funny happened when I bit into the Lemon; my teeth hit something plastic-like, and I was like, WTF?!  I pulled the tiny piece out of my mouth and found it was a piece of actual lemon zest (aka peel)!  So after a sigh of relief (and pleasure), I give Patachou two thumbs up!
My friend and I went here for lunch the other day.  There were good lunch specials on the menu, but we shared regular orders of Korean fried chicken instead.  We tried two flavours - soy garlic and spicy.  The chicken was fresh and hot, and both sauces were very good.  My only disappointment was that the chicken was not crispy or crunchy, something that I hear the Korean fried chicken in NYC and elsewhere achieves.  We also shared a Fusion Fried Egg.  This was a large, neatly rolled omelette slathered in sweet mayo and red pepper sauce.  The inside contained green onion, peppers, and kimchi.  Very interesting and tasty.  The place was very dark inside, but there were a lot of Korean people eating there.  Service was friendly and helpful.
I can appreciate that many Yelpers love this place, but I am not one of them.  I completely agree with Sarah's one-star review on 1/23/2010.  Here's why:1. The food is mediocre at best.  It is NOT authentic Vietnamese food.  For the Bun dishes, the vermicelli noodles are thick and served warm.  The spring rolls are not Vietnamese-style at all, but small with a Chinese-style meat filling.  The food is so greasy (and Vietnamese food should not be greasy) that it makes me queasy after.  The fish sauce is just salty, without the sweet tang that good fish sauce should have.  And the pot of tea we were given must have been watered down several times, because it was just brown warm water.  Very nasty.2. The service is horrible.  Prepare to get shouted at and/or ignored.  3. The restaurant is old and dirty.  I love Asian fast food diners (being Asian myself), but this place takes the cake.  I don't want to be rude but I've seen things that are definitely not hygienic.  Two thumbs down from this Viet food connoisseur.
I've been in several times with my girlfriend, as we're both fans of their mini-cookies and shortbreads.  Our favourites are the acorns (acorn shaped shortbread dipped in chocolate and toffee, like a Skor) and the jam centre cookies.  I've also tried their macarons, which have been hit or miss.  I've had really stale Caramel ones which were greatly disappointing considering their price, and deliciously fresh ones like Passionfruit and Wildberry, which were heavenly.  I am taking my rating down a star due to their crappy service.  They have the same two-three women in there that get flustered if there are more than two people in the shop.  They get annoyed, they give attitude, they don't know who to serve next.  I am not a high maintenance customer either, I know what I want and I am polite.  I don't know if they are the owners or the bakers, but either way if you are going to serve people at least treat them respectfully.
I visited Cake Opera on Macaron Day T.O. (March 20/2012).  First off, the store is beautiful!  Very pretty, I felt like the Marie Antoinette in their logo.  The owner and her staff of one were extremely pleasant and helpful.  My friend and I received our free macarons with a smile, and I also purchased a box of six.  $2.00 per macaron, I chose:Salted Milk Chocolate CaramelRaspberry RosePistachioVanilla Orange BlossomDulce De Leche & CinnamonRoasted HazelnutAll delicious!  The flavours were distinctive, the actual cookie was crisp & chewy & fresh.  Your purchase is wrapped up as delicately and prettily as if you were at Laduree in Paris (box, tissue paper, paper bag, ribbon).  Way nicer than MoRoCo Chocolate.  One of the best places in the city to buy macarons!
Thanks to Jennifer K's review, I went here for macarons!  Pastries all looked good.  I got one flavour each of lemon, pistachio, raspberry, coffee, and vanilla.  They were small, and a bit on the sweet side.  Two of them were stale and crunchy, the other three were alright.  Service was very friendly, the woman pulled out the macaron tray and let me look at them all close-up!
This place is CHEAP!  Yet still manages to taste good.  The downfall is the service, more on that later.  Four of us ate dinner here the other night and we ordered:Fish in corn sauce - Very good, fish was fried and tossed in wok with corn.Fish and tofu hot pot - Again good, lots of fish and tofu in a gravy-like sauce.Shrimp rice roll - Big shrimp rolled in rice noodles.Lobster special ($9.99 after you spend $20) - flavoured well, tossed in wok with ginger and scallions.Fish congee (rice porridge) - The one bad thing. Terrible, it tasted burnt!  Now onto the service: bad, bad, bad.  There wasn't a language barrier, either.  The girl who served us was rude beyond belief.  She obviously did not want to be working.  She threw the menus in our faces and was biatchy serving us the whole time.  We asked for some food descriptions and special requests, and she sighed and shook her head in annoyance.  She rolled her eyes when we spoke or asked for anything.  When we asked for dinner plates, she gave us saucers (but in the meantime, she gave all the other tables around us full size plates).  When I told her we wanted "big" plates, she grabbed back all the saucers and crash threw them all into a bin.  If we weren't eating there, I would've taken her outside for a serious smack-down.  Go for the cheap tasty food, but be prepared for server anguish.  Better yet, order take-out.  Don't order anything congee related.  Cash only, and the restaurant itself is not very clean.
I went to one and only Point G macaron boutique in Montreal.  This place and Maison du Macaron are very close to each other.  * Note to people living in the GTA: if you want to try them, Point G macarons are imported from Quebec to a store called Sweets by Marlene in the Heartland Towncentre, Mississauga.The store is very small and cute.  The girls working there were snotty, but hey, it's Montreal.  They have 22 flavours to choose from, I tried 6 of them and they were all fresh.  Moist centre with a crisp shell, with very distinct flavours.  Flavours I had were: lavender-blueberry, poppy flower, cassis-blackcurrant, creme brulee, lime-basil, and roasted pistachio.
Came here for coffee with a friend who is vegan and who also can't eat soy or  gluten - I searched for a place that offers almond milk.  We tried the pumpkin chai latte after seeing that it was made with real pumpkin - what a treat!  Best pumpkin latte I've had, much better than the big chains.  The fuel balls are also tasty (and vegan + gluten free).  There is plenty of available seating particularly on a weeknight, and we were able to chat away for 2 hours until closing.  At first I found the refrigeration units (located toward the back where we were sitting, containing organic drinks and tubs of gelatos and ice creams) rather loud, but they actually helped keep our conversation more private - a little white noise.  The pumpkin chai latte is only available in October - I'm definitely planning on coming back for at least one more.  Then after that, I'll have to try their ginger ale!
I lived in California for many years and didn't realize how spoiled we were with the Mexican food.  Here in the Phoenix area, we a had a lot of trouble finding a Mexican restaurant that we wanted to return to.  Nando's has great food, a warm atmosphere, friendly staff and reasonable prices!  We will return again and again!
First time trying this place out and let me tell you i will definitely be coming back. The food is great, not too pricey and the waiting time wasn't long at all . I ordered the teriyaki chicken it was very tasty and they give you a big portion wasn't able to finish it all, they also gave us egg rolls at no extra charge . The customer service there is absolutely great! Every one working here was very attentive to us and very friendly. Maria is just too sweet. We will be back and will be bringing our whole family next time.
Great customer service! I have been here a couple of times and the gentlemen working here are always friendly! They really make you feel welcome I will keep coming here with the great service they provide, prices are cheap and the stuff they sell it's great! I have had the fresas con crema, shaved ice, and for my kids the cotton candy ice cream! I love this place! Recommend it
Great place to shop for your party, we were greeted immediately by a young guy who was very friendly and made our shopping experience alot more enjoyable and faster. They have a wide variety of mexican candy and other products. It seemed a little crowded at the time we stopped by but they took care of us right away We will definitely be coming back to this location
I've gotta say, I've never had such a nice and sincere waiter in my life. He was so patient and helpful, just ugh. So nice. As for the food, everything I had was superb. The grilled shrimp though, holy crap. I just can't deal, it was the best tasting shrimp dish I've ever had, just the perfect amount of seasoning and spice. I'm so upset I can't have it every day. So good!
I came with my best friend. The staff was extremely friendly&  helpful I told the cashier it was my first time coming to dine with them and he let me know which was the most popular item etc... food was so good! I'm addicted Ahah. I got the big bento box, chicken and shrimp with fried rice and veggies. Definitely a place I'm going to visit more often!
Went for the 1st time with my friend who has recommended it & it was amazing.. you walk in the place is beautiful, service was good and the food was soo good I had gotten then fried shrimp and mushroom pasta I'll definitely be going here again!
Place is so dirty!!! Dinning tables are dirty and sticky!!! Manager in front was loud yelling at an employee for being late...so unprofessional!!! Will not be returning.
Had dinner here on a Friday night, everything was pretty good. The bar does a good job with the drinks and is pretty knowledgable. The oysters on the half shell were served with some amazing accompaniments like horseradish sorbet and cognac mignonette. The short rib stroganoff was amazing and one of the best plates of food I've had. Very rich, savory, and delicious. The foie gras was mediocre, and not nearly as good as one would expect for foie. They suggest you get about 3 plates per person which seems like a good estimate. We finished with the table side bananas foster which was a fun experience. They have a cart with a burner on it and do the whole preparation with the flamb next to you. It's not cheap, but it seems like it would serve 4 people for dessert.While we were there there was a great jazz band playing. One of them was tap dancing on the piano and it made for a great show during dinner. It definitely can get expensive. There were 2 of us and with 6 plates, 5 drinks, and a dessert it came to $350 with tip and tax. For the quality of the food, and keeping in mind it's at a restaurant on the strip, I'd say it was worth it.
Great hotel to stay in. It's nice being in a hotel that's on the strip but without a casino. It's centrally located, right next to The Cosmopolitan, The Bellagio and Aria. Theres no real dining options in the hotel, but you're close enough to other properties to go grab some food. We stayed in a Panoramic Suite that had a great view of the city and it was a lot cheaper than other comparable hotels. Wi-Fi is included in resort fee, and is not too slow. Our room included a full fridge, a dishwasher, cooktop and washer and dryer. You don't get any plates or anything which is kind of inconvenient, but I heard that you can get them brought up to you.
Its my first time staying at Aria and everything was pretty good until our first night.My girlfriend and I woke up in the morning around 830am feeling itchy so we got up and turn on the light and found a bug in our bed.  We aren't sure if it's bed bug or not but the little guy does looked it a bed bug.We freaked and call front desk to have someone to come and help.  The lady was rude and like ok someone from housekeeping will come.  After 20 mins , no one showed up so I called again and another guy name Anthony answered the phone and I told him the situation and we had waited 20mins and no one had showed up.  He gave me a big *sigh* and said well the request was only put in 4 minutes ago so someone will be there shortly.  I was like wtf as I've called about 20mins ago and he argue back and said nono the log on shows you only called 4 mins ago..blah blah blah.I was like just send someone up asap pls.  Then I waited another 20mins ...no one came so I called front desk again and spoke to Anthony and I was piss off this time and he put me on hold and transfer me to a front desk manager (Lenard), he was nice and apologize for the way how his staff was not giving good service but I said I've waited over an hour now and I cannot sleep and can't leave the room as I've been waiting for their team to show up .  He quickly said he will send someone up right away.  I then waited another 30 mins and still no one show up.At the end I've waited over 2 hours for security to come up so I can file a statement about a bug on   my bed.After all that problem that ruin my whole morning, all Aria did was give me $50 credit, I mean how insulting !!! I thought Aria was a nice reputable hotel and would treat guest better than just give you $50 for a bed bug issue.The day after, I was trying to talk to the front desk manager again (Lenard) and he never return my calls, I left couple of memos with his staff to ask him to give me a call.  He never once return my call at all.Really bad experience with the service at Aria probably won't stay here again because of the service.
OMG! Perfect 5 star ratings were true. Best medical service experience ever! Dr. Tran and the staffs are super professional, kind, happy healthcare providers. This dainty lady dentist has gigantic heart. It was amazing experience to meet such an excellent human being. God bless Dr. Tran and her staffs!
This is the place we in the business dream of opening. Anthony has done it. Simplicity at its finest with flavors of the Gods!
My spouse and I have been patients of Dr. Aharon for two years and have been extremely pleased with the quality dentistry and personal attention that we've received, as well as the reasonable cost. In our experience, Dr. Aharon assessed our needs, helped us to set priorities, then provided us with a treatment plan that was clear and up-front. Granted treatment plans estimate the cost that a dental plan will cover, so there was some variation, but overall they were on target. Although there were some visits that we were delayed being seen, we never considered it a problem as we felt that was due to the amount of personal attention that she gives to all of her patients.  Dr. Aharon may not practice in the newest of facilities, but to me, that's simply an expression of her commitment to the community that she serves.  We highly recommend Dr. Aharon for her holistic approach, and given her integrity, wouldn't consider seeing anyone else.
I got a gel manicure and spa pedicure with Andi, and she did AMAZING! she did an ombr glitter on my fingers & absolutely nailed it. i purchased a Groupon originally but have gone back since and paid full price! totally worth it!
Love this location!! Super friendly service. Lia gave us some great suggestions for new bowls to try! :) LOVE the vegan protein options as well!!
first time at Dutch Bros today and it was SO BOMB! the girl that took our order (don't know her name, but she has awesome blue eyes) was super friendly & helped me pick out a salted-caramel blended coffee with almond milk that was absolutely delicious. definitely replaced my daily Starbucks run
Food is overpriced. Waited 15 minutes to sit in a half-empty dining room. Waited 40 minutes for a cold, average meal. Potatoes are the size and texture of chicken feed, and are cooked in large batches every 16 years. Benedict was a hard-boiled egg. After surviving a twilight-zone experience at the sister-restaurant Tapacubo - a concept seemingly designed by and for the mentally ill - I don't know why I gave this place a shot, and I feel like a ninny.Positives:Bread was good.Decor has no shortage of cute ideas.
Always great food, but the new younger cashier is so rude it's ridiculous. She has no concept of customer service and a horrible attitude.
Good quality breakfast burritos and very friendly staff. Much better than filibertos and others like it in my opinion. The deli fridge at the front filled with miscellaneous bagels in different bags was a little strange though. Maybe try putting some Mexican pastries in there?
I hadn't been here in a very long time so when my spouse suggested it I was pretty amped because the pei Wei I remember was always tasteful and satisfying. I walked in and I saw they served sushi so I thought I'd try it. God no. It tasted worse than the frys brand with that imitation crab. I sent it back and asked for a side of chicken, the manager looked annoyed but took it back anyway. A few minutes after receiving my chicken, I dropped a drink accidentally. My fault, yes, but when I went to ask the server for a towel, he actually gave me one and made me clean the table up myself. I then went to ask for a second one because the floor was still wet, which is when another employee stepped in and starting cleaning it. I then went to ask for boxes for our food because that visit was pretty horrible. Instead of going to get my boxes, the kid that made me clean up the drink went to tell the "manager" I spilled a drink and she threw her hands up in the air as if the world had ended. I'm sure this isn't the first or last time someone spills a drink lady. Learn some customer service skills. So I sat there, and waited and waited and waited for my boxes. I stopped him and asked him where my boxes were, "oh sorry I forgot." Maybe you wouldn't have forgotten if you weren't busy gossiping. So in conclusion, the sushi is disgusting, like I literally had to spit it out after trying to force myself to eat it and the service was horrible. The manager should rethink customer service at a restaurant with her attitude.
Giving this place 5 stars for the service alone! Our waiter was very friendly and took the time to explain menu options. The ambience great, my son enjoyed the paper covering on the table as he could draw freely. Onto the food, I had a half pound of brisket and my wife had a half pound of ribs. We shared the food and loved both the brisket and ribs! 2 choices of sauces with 5 levels of spice to choose from. Definitely coming back soon and would absolutely recommend to a friend.
Love this place!!! My husband and I always leave satisfied! I always order the agua chile appetizer and my husband picks different things every time, but he has loved everything he has tried! They have these micheladas that are amazing! Beers on tap! Try it you won't regret it!
Tonight I had the carne Asada plate and the food is delicious. I have no problem with the service and the food. However I do feel that you can get exact quality elsewhere for much less. The food is quite pricy considering what is served. All in all great experience but again overpriced.
Hubby and I decided we would try pieoligy today!!! We left that place super satisfied and both agreeing on the fact that we would come again. Let me start off by saying that I am not much of a pizza girl... But this build your own pizza thing is genius!! We walked in and the layout is the same as chipotle. You line up and when you get to the front they ask what kind of crust you want (regular or wheat) and then you proceed along the line while you watch them put them fresh toppings on your pizza. I love that they have different choices, not much of a marina gal so I got the pesto and added some delicious toppings. They finish it off by cooking it in one of these brick ovens!!! Awesome! Then came the part where we pay. I was sure that food this high quality would be more expensive, but nope. My husband and I sat down and the waiter brought us our pizzas. He was very polite! That first bite was love! You can just taste the freshness! The pizzas are big enough to even share with someone (which my husband and I will do next time, you can do seperate sauces and toppings on each half). As we were eating we did not speak. Just ate. And then a gentleman who looked like a supervisor came over and asked how we liked everything.. We said we loved our food and he looked very satisfied. He truly wanted to know how our experience was and we had no complaints!! A few people walked in and walked out (the place just opened).. Too bad for them! (Excuse the empty panda container on the far right of the pic, my son is 3 and hates pizza!)
Never going here again!!! Apart from the fact that the food was bland and the wings were mediocre at best (not even spicy) my son got food poisoning from there!!!! Hey burger works, food handling isn't all that difficult!
I've tried other hiking trails but always go back to Hayden Butte. It's a short hike on a small hill but if you do it right you can get a great workout in. Most people go up a couple of times and it has a steep side that is great for leg workouts.
Everyone must read before planning on booking a party here.You guys knew it was coming.Okay so let me start off by saying we are not a picky family. We chose this place because it gets down to business, feed the kids and let them have fun for a little while. The price was decent (didn't cost an arm and a leg) and it really looked like a fun place to throw a 3 year olds birthday party without all the stress that comes from hosting a big party at home. Booking was a breeze so I was very happy about that. I was also stress free because they offer to decorate your party any theme for a fee which was well worth it for us. So fast forward to the day of the event. This was our first time visiting and it was really hard for us to find the place because it's in a big shopping center where it is surrounded by stores, most of our guests had never been there either so mostly everyone showed up late. As I was walking in I was expecting to see a little section decorated (because that's what we paid for) and everything ready to go. Boy was I wrong. As we were walking in (right when the party was set to start and guests were supposed to arrive) I noticed that the employees were barely putting the table cloths on the table. They looked so careless and didn't even look like they cared that the party was about to start. So I asked to see a manager but guess what yelp, no manager on duty. It was just those 2 kids running that whole building by themselves!!! No wonder they were behind!!! So I then ask to speak to a manager over the phone, I expressed to her my disappointment in having to walk in and basically set up everything myself because those kids were busy helping other customers! There were a few people from our party already there and I couldn't even converse with them or offer them a place to sit or drinks because I still had to set everything up!!! Okay, so i set everything up and we order the food and I still don't have a chance to sit down and mingle with our family and friends because the employees are busy tending to other customers to where they could care less what is happening with our party.I assumed that booking a party at a place of business meant you would have someone making sure everything is taken care of such as filling pitchers and offering assistance. Nope, every party for themselves there. The kids from our party kept running up to me and said they really wanted to try the rock climbing but that the employee told them they had to wait for him. I had to ask him 3 times for him to actually go let them rock climb and even then he was only there for 5 minutes and then ran off to do other things. So the kids only got to climb the wall once. It's just so inconvenient to throw a party somewhere where they promise to have things ready and it's far from that.To make matters worse, they booked a party right at the time ours was supposed to end, the employees came up to me and said "we have another party coming in 5 minutes so you guys have to be gone." It was 4 35 and we were booked until 4 45. Uh excuse you, I'm paying for 2 hours and I spent the first 20 doing things that should have already been done, so im using up every single minute I paid for!!!! I can't not believe that an establishment that prides themselves on throwing great parties would book a party back to back with no time in between to get things sorted out!!! You know what, from this place its believable. I booked this place because I thought it would put less strain on an already stressful day, but being that the employees were left to fend for themselves because there was no manager on duty left me doing everything for my sons party.I wouldn't mind having done everything myself, but I would have appreciated a heads up!!It was so embarrassing to have to apologize to our guests for the lack of prep and for not having much time to actually enjoy their company. Most of our guests looked upset and annoyed at the way things went down, and that really sucks because we just wanted everyone to enjoy themselves.I'm am just so frustrated at the fact that they would even book a part this size with only 2 employees to run this entire establishment! Why on earth would management think that is okay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Why would they not have at least one person dedicated to the party, why would they not even have a manager on duty on a weekend when it's the busiest!!!!!! I will never again book a party here. I would much rather pay more and actually get to enjoy my son and our guests. Don't book here. Unless they make some serious changes in their management and training their employees on how to handle party's, don't waste your time or money!!!!!!Actually the best thing you can do if you plan to book here, look on google for a park near by, and celebrate there. You will save money and I guarantee it would be less stressful than this place, I know because we have celebrated my sons birthday at a park before and it was less stressful than this place!
Took me a while to get to it, but this is my review from exactly one week ago :) so I found Deana here on yelp and after seeing the amazing before and after pictures I knew this is the hair stylist I would go to to get the hair I have wanted for such a long time!! Mind you, I hadn't even read the reviews on her when I made up my mind, the pictures alone did it for me! So I contacted her I believe it was Wednesday morning and she was kind enough to squeeze me in the following Saturday at 8 am (Valentine's Day)! I went in and showed her some pictures of what I wanted, I asked her to please be realistic with me and tell me if my hair would be able to get to that. I have box dyed for a very long time with the exception of one year ago when a stylist did an ombr on me. She was very honest and told me it would take a few sessions to get to the color I wanted.. But I would much rather honesty than to be disappointed with unkept promises. So we dived in and during those 4 hrs she was so nice and we chatted all the way up until I was out the door. My mistake when I made the appmnt was to tell her I wanted lowlights (which I believe don't require that much time) so she didn't anticipate all of the work that I wanted done to my hair. So her next appmnt was scheduled for 11 am and she was kind enough to move it back one hour just so I could stay in that chair a little bit longer!! She didn't have time to style or cut it, and I am sad I am not in one of her before and afters because let me tell you I am loving my hair and can't wait to go for my second appmnt in April to get it closer to the color I hope for! It's not all the way there yet but I am already getting compliments on it! Thank you Deana!! And p.s she has one review on here who complains about the time she takes on her clients hair... Uuh you're damn right she takes her time, you can't rush perfection! From what I see, she works very hard, and I can tell she is passionate about what she does! I am so happy I found her!
I absolutely love this nail salon. I found it on yelp and decided to try it! I came in and I was pleased at the cleanliness and welcoming faces. I already knew exactly what I wanted and showed the lady a picture.. A gel full set mani with a pedi. The lady that did my nails delivered exactly what I asked for in the picture. And she was so nice! She also did something I have never had done before... She actually cleaned out all the excess stuff from the bottom of the nails. I was very pleased. Then right before we finished a lady came to her and said "I don't like my nail color!" You would've thought she would have said something when they were actually doing her nails, and she was the one who picked her color. But the lady that was doing my nails was nice enough to do them a different color for her. I don't get some people. But even though she approached her very rudely the nail lady still held her composure and tried to fix things. I am currently getting my toes done and I haven't even seen the results but I am so pleased with my nails that I'm giving them 5 stars anyway.
The food here is Great And their salsas are always fresh (green is amazing). I had the breakfast burrito with steak egg cheese and potatoes and was not disappointed!
The best dental office I've taken my kids and myself to.  They do such a good job on cleaning. Customer service is awesome and they're willing to work with you on paying off your balance.
We went to Ricks shop Saturday, what we found was a working business!These guys are the greatest at restoring old artifacts and items from the pastInto works of art, the detail that is expended is phenomenal, every detail is notForgotten! Me being a  former repair shop owner 50 years ago that repaid items for use,Now  Ricks shop is repairing these same items  that were mostly discarded years agoInto works of art and long time keepsakes! The shop is divided into different workStations, with all of the cast from the show there, we saw 5 shop workers that areOn the show in the tour! We also got a picture with Rick and myself, at know charge!Ricks Hands were  hands working mans hands,!This place is indeed a labor of love for what there doing, other than the show!Yes we bought shirts in the show room, a large variety is available includingThe ones Rick where's  on the show with the sleeves cut off, real cool!A must see if you are in Vegas!
Traveling seniors' Found this little cafe near our motel! For breafeast me mister healthy oatmeal! Great with all of the fixings, her eggs and toast,  Bacon ! Well something wentReal wrong with my wife plate she had to send it back, and no more food!The server comped our meal, a real class act! Will be back! A great selection Of  delicious pastries! By the way the  establishment is very clean!
Young seniors outing!We went to Roesters bar after a ball game, wow it's one of the best local diveBars we have  visited in a long time ! Mostly all local working folks come in This joint!Service was good, happy hour prices OK! No Food though! We talked toLocals in the bar and they  disclosed it was the best bar around for countryMusic and line dancing!If your interested in drinking and a lot of funky fun give it a try!
Traveling seniors!We were here to take in some SF Giants games, approach the main door  of the lodgeSomeing allowed! OK went in and yes a great place, large bar lots of tables, dance floorIt has every thing going for this lodge but the smoke smell was a huge problem for usO by the way Iam a 20 year lodge member! To bad we  Connect with A few other brothers !
Traveling seniors This place is closed, look like another joint is going in at this location!
Traveling seniors, picked up a few Giants games, stayed in mesa! This dive barIs one of the best on Main st! Friday fish n chip sheared with my wife 3 pic with frysEnough $7.95 wow what a deal, also beer three bucks, a great wine pour$3,alsoGreat service with a lot attention payed to the customers! Will be back! A mix ofSeniors and young folks!
Great location, pretty fun place, great wine selection, food isn't amazing but above average. Service tends to be pretty good, so far servers/bartenders have been friendly and accomdating. The challenge is that you have to be really careful downtown Gilbert. One drink = DUI. I don't speak from personal experience but you see people getting pulled over all the time on Gilbert Rd and if you ask around its overly strict. Don't consume more than one drink especially if you're on an empty stomach. That's the problem with this place. The food is light and it's just OK, strength is in wine. If you go here expect to take an Uber or bring a DD. And the good news is there's plenty of other restaurants to choose from for decent eats right next to Postino.
This place is always busy. The food is just OK. I do like their coffee a lot and it's a hip joint. They do have a pretty good pastry selection and everything I've had is delic. I'm just not impressed with the food. You may think differently though so give them a shot. Expect a long line.
Great atmosphere, draws a crowd; they do have decent food and pretty good craft beer. They are a Chandler business so I like to support and occasionally buy their beer bottled. This is not a bad option and worth a visit.
I like this place. It's always busy, great drinks, food is well above average. I always enjoy myself. Service can be a little slow but everyone is pretty friendly. As it stands today I will be back but there's a lot of other options now downtown Gilbert so my visits are less frequent. That may change. Still getting a feel as to how much I like the newer restaurants. We'll see.
I like this place. Definitely hard to get a table but unique concept and food is pretty good. I will caution you that it can make you a little "bloaty" FYI. Once you get a table, service tends to be pretty average but the place is always busy so comes with the territory. I probably visit this place a couple of times per year.
Servings are generous. Wife and I split a dish to keep it light, Turkey Pita. Excellent
I used Gorenter for a few years as a landlord. I was a new landlord so I didn't know what to expect. I started out managing the properties myself but had to transfer to Chicago and needed help. I was in such a hurry and these guys seemed pretty reasonable on their monthly fees so I signed up my two rentals and the home I was living went up for rent and I shipped out to Chicago. Shortly after I moved, I had a tenant skip out on rent and Gorenter ended up charging me well into the thousands for the eviction + they never collected on the tenant. The tenant they placed on my Phoenix property were scammers. They kept coming up with excuses, asking for concessions, they destroyed the property and if it wasn't for a law firm called Keyt I would have never collected because Gorenter does NOT collect. By the way, Keyt gives you almost every tool you need and they can fully evict with judgement and garnishment for less than $300. The other two tenants they placed also skipped out on rent. Both of them destroyed my other two properties. One of them was in such bad shape that I had to foreclose on it when I lost my job in Chicago. Needless to say, I fired them as soon as I possibly could, moved back to AZ. Since then, I have been managing both of my properties. One tenant is going on 3 years and just signed another 2 year lease. She's an absolute delightful tenant. The other property was an 18 month lease and the tenants aren't perfect because they have racked up a few HOA fines but they have paid on time every month and have almost settled up on their HOA fines. All of my tenants are responsive when called upon and they take great care of the properties. I guess you could say the apple doesn't fall too far from the tree with Gorenter. They nickel and dime you, they have hidden fees, their legal support is way too expensive, they dont collect on tenants that break the lease. On top of that the tenants they placed did nothing but destroy my properties and finances. Worst experience I have ever had and I'm reluctant to ever use another property manager again.
This place used to be great. Quality of food has gone downhill. Ordered Lobster, Scallops and Shrimp plate. Lobster was undercooked, pointed it out. brought me a 2nd dish. lobster undercooked again. didn't eat the lobster but ate the rest. bad idea. got horribly sick. People are really really nice though. probably will give it awhile before I consider going back. won't eat seafood of course
Nice ambience and they give you an immediate bounce back discount for reviews! We had a couple of pizza's, glasses of red wine, and caesar salads for an excellent price.
By far my favorite sushi place! The chef is super cool and worked for Wolfgang Puck for a long time. I visit this place at least 5-6/year. High quality, great service, must visit. Be sure to make a reservation.
Love this place. Food is always on point, the energy is relaxing, family restaurant, entertainment is legit. Been here at least a handful of times. Keep coming back.
This is another gem! I absolutely love this place. It's always packed (not easy to get a table) but food & craft beers are top-flight. Totally worth the wait. I visit this place at least 4-5/year.
The food was great. They really need to work on their service. One of the waitresses was kind of friendly but I felt like it was fake. The other waitress who was serving me was nice but did not greet me quickly.  The people that came in five minutes after me had drinks and their food faster. My appetizer came out after the Ramen. The guy behind the bar is VERY unfriendly and impersonal, borderline rude. He never smiled and it just looked like he didn't want to be there. I hope he's not the owner albeit he was pretty young. I won't be coming back and it's unfortunate because I live less than a mile away. I want to feel welcomed when I dine out and I didn't feel that way tonight. I think the service will alienate other customers just like me and these guys will be out of business within the first 12-15 months depending on how many free months their landlord gave them. It's too bad because the food was pretty good.
This place is really cool. I've been to most of the restaurants downtown Gilbert and this one is a winner.  I'll be back!
Their black beans are to die for! I could live off of them. I recommend just getting take out because the seating area isn't the greatest. It is cafeteria style.
The food was good and our bartender Rob made excellent drinks. Everything was made well and the prices were even better! Rob was also very friendly. Great bartender.
I made my husband try some Jell-O shots and he was buzzed off of just a few of them. Great little place for booze!
We have been coming here for years for sushi. Andy is a sushi master and we love him! Sit at the sushi bar and he will make you something custom based on what you like or dislike. He is incredible!!!!
If  there's a place to splurge, this is it. Definitely a hidden gem within Scottsdale.
I live right across the street from this place so I decided to visit this Friday with my man and 5 year old. We arrived at 7:20 and proceeded to wait to be seated like the sign at the empty host stand read. After about 2 minutes a server walks past and says how they will be right with us, we waited another 3 minutes or so and a different server walks past and says the same thing. So we decided to sit and wait on the comfortable couch at the front door. We saw many open tables right in front of us. It seemed like the lady manager was more focused on the jazz show starting than she was greeting paying guests. Needless to say no one ever came, we decided it was no longer worth the wait at about 7:40. Terrible experience. My son was very hungry and we had to leave and find another restaurant in uptown Charlotte on a Friday night.
I had my iPhone battery replaced due to a recall. My review is 1 star due to the following 2 reasons:  a) they should not return the phone with the new battery at 14% battery life. It should be at least 50%, b) there should be a mutual physical inspection of the device when you turn in the phone. Although I had a minor chip in the protective glass surface, when I got the phone back there was a hairline crack across the entire protective screen. I know my iPhone to the best and the hairline crack was not there when I turned it in. The person who returned the phone to me said it must've been there before due to the chip. It wasn't there, but there was no inspection at check-in and so it was Apple's word against mine. I feel they need to change this policy. This issue will cost me $40 plus hst. Not happy. Thank you
Service is very slow. They cannot handle a Saturday crowd. It would be better to turn people away than have people wait. We are getting drunk due to lack of food. Help!!!
Great fusion Korean. One of the best I've ever had. Works for both native Koreans and Canadians. The kimchi fries were excellent, the tacos were superb, and the service was perfect. We received a couple of dishes on the house which was a pleasant surprise. Definitely will be there again and recommend to friends.
The vet services are fine, but their follow up is extremely slow. I wanted to purchase heart worm medication online, which still needs a prescription from the vet, but the vet has been very slow on processing. I called them twice (once because they filled the order directly and told me it was ready for pick up), and now the online vendor is calling them since they only have 1 of 2 prescriptions on hand. It's been over a week and a bit frustrating.
The waitresses were not that polite. I walked in to check on my phone number and they rudely asked me to go outside. I had called to put my name in early, and they said we could get seated pretty quickly, but we've waited at least 20 min for a seat after arriving. Not yet seated...
My boyfriend went to here and threw up a few hours later because of the salmon sushi that he ate. He said that a piece had black on it, which is a sign of already rotten blood. This was probably the result of toxins in the fish, time-temperature abuse, or cross contamination.
I picked up my second order this week and this is Truly the best vegan food I've ever had you make eating healthy so easy for someone on the go and the variety you create is AMAZING!!!! I can't say thank you enough! As a hair stylist I'm so busy the last thing I want to do is cook any thing let alone healthy. I'm so glad I found you! Can't wait to see what's on the next menu!!!!
I have to say the ladies at this location are amazing and helped me out so much special thanks to Rubi for helping me out with a coffee filter! I went in to get gas after a long day and realized I needed coffee filters for in the morning I thought it was a long shot but I asked rubi if they had any for sale she said no but one second I might have one I can give you and she did :) thanks girl for helping me out your a life saver!!!!! we need more awesome cashiers like Rubi around to say the least!!!!! I will continue to get my gas there and other little things  because of her!!!!!
Waldo's has a casual, small-town Southern country feel to it. Goofy signs and pictures are posted on the walls, providing mild entertainment during lulls in conversation. Our server was very friendly and very eager to attend to us, always with a smile.Apart from the unique environment, the food was quite good as well. I had the pulled pork sandwich (delicious, though a bit dry) on a warm bun with spicy fries (dusted with Cajun seasoning - spicy indeed, but not to an overpowering extent). One member of my party raved about the corn chowder, and two others ordered the riblet special to their great satisfaction. The Horsey Spuds (mashed potatoes with horseradish) were a tasty, unique spin on a classic. The margaritas were the perfect blend of sweet-and-sour and alcohol, and the pink lemonade served in a massive Mason jar was also delicious.I would definitely recommend Waldo's to anyone looking for a great barbecue meal in a fun environment.
Netter Platz in Stuttgart. Leider ein wenig berlaufen. Essen und Trinken hat gepasst. Gerne wieder.
Coole Atmosphre, riesige Auswahl an allem - vor allem Cocktails. Die Atmosphre stimmte und auch die Preise waren sehr angenehm.Toller Ausflugstipp fr nen gemtlichen Abend.
this guys is an excellant barber and a cool guy at that, straight out of new york.he gave a me a kick ass haircut and got me a job i always get compliments whenhe cuts my hair good people and great barber shopcheck him out you will get a great cut!
I had the pleasure of eating dinner at gordos tacos...it was really busy...it smelled so good when I walked it.  I saw the pastor being freshly cut off... And the tortillas were all being hand made and thrown right on the grill and then immediately filled with the fresh meats...I tried them ALL...pastor, chorizo, chicken, carne asada, it was all delicious...I didn't understand why the fry plate was but later when I saw people eating it I wanted to try that too!  I will get that next time!
Do not go here! So many better options nearby. I was close the other night and went in. They didn't honor my industry card (nightclub industry) like alot of places would, in fact the manager laughed it off. Literally every pre roll was about $4 to $5 more than at almost all the other henderson spots and alot more than vegas. No talk from bud tenders and a way off vibe. Oh...and a cavi cone was $29 lmao!!! Get the fuck out of here with that. Never coming back here, so many other options within a 2 mile radius.
Love it here so much fun nice  karaoke place in town would definitely come back again .
Was very helpful.  We had a session on finaces and preparing for future retirement.  The consultent/coach encouraged me where needed, and gave good advice.  Please try out the services!
Excellent food, a wide variety of different pasta, seafood, steaks.  The etouffee was delicious with plenty of sauce to rice ratio.  The chicken alfredo was more than enough for a hungry 7 year old. The finale was the chocolate mouse cake!  The service was excellent thanks to the waitress Melissa!  Great date place with table cloths and cloth napkins and a chilled fork for your salad.
So I had originally come in to get my Camera Lens cover repaired and we ran into a few bumps with the repair. During the course of the work, Arizona iPad Repair took great care of me and made sure I was satisfied, professional company, the owner even reaches out to each customer to make sure the job is done right, do yourself a favor and check it out.
Caution: Review is a little long but please read till end! If you just want to skip to the point. Scroll to the bottom and read the conclusion. Honestly, I've been with sprint for 4 years and this location is horrible. You will wait for over an hour just to see a sales associate who may or may not be the most helpful person behind the counter. With that being said, Andrew is the best sales rep I have ever encountered at this location. I promise you when you call and make an appointment, please ask for Andrew if you want someone who is super friendly and is knowledgeable. He actually cares about the customer and will do anything for them. I can't stress this enough, it is worth the wait to get him as your sales rep. Two weeks ago I went to sprint to upgrade my IPhone 6 to a 7 and I had Andrew as my sales rep. He was amazing! Unfortunately, my screen was broken so I had to replace it before getting a new phone. So, I replaced it and went back to Sprint. I was waiting for Andrew, but like I said, you will wait forever! I had a birthday party to attend afterwards and I couldn't wait for ever so I had David Gubich help me. Worst sales rep ever. A week prior, Andrew told me about the apple forever plan. I asked David. He said they got rid of that about two and a half weeks ago and I told him how only a week ago Andrew told me about it. Then he said, "Oh, yeah well that only works if you buy the phone in store since we don't have the phone you want in store (IPhone 7 32gb Rose Gold) that can't apply to you." Which I later found out was a complete lie. He also just handed me a tablet and said here just sign this lease. So I did. I had to pay sales tax which was 32.23 and I gave him 35. He said "So, we don't have change." How in the world does a company not have 2 dollars and some change in store.... That was a little ridiculous if you ask me. Anyways, last thing I told him was I wanted to switch my plan that Andrew told me would make my bill lower. And David said "Yeah it won't make your bill lower it will be about the same." Once again, was wrong. Also, when he ordered my phone. He didn't even look at my phone to see if my phone was eligible to be turned in. My phone could have still been broken so when I would go pick up my new phone they could have told me I needed to fix it before anything could happen. Later on, Andrew told me that Is the first thing the sales rep has to check. And David didn't. I come back a few days later to pick up my phone and I made sure to wait until I could see Andrew. I told him about my horrible experience with David Gubich and he reassured me that everything David told me was wrong. Andrew fixed everything, got my bill lower, clarified everything that went wrong with my encounter with David, and did it with a smile. I would give Andrew 10/10 if I could. In conclusion, if you are going to this location expect a wait. Don't have plans you NEED to attend at a certain time. And when you go, wait for Andrew!!! If you get a man named David Gubich, turn around and sit right back down because he will NOT help you.
I needed help cleaning my house in Vegas and fast... I called Pam and left her a Message. She got back to me before I could dial anyone else's number. She was incredible helpful and even got someone to come to my house the same day.... Melissa! She was awesome!!!! So incredibly hard working and she took great direction. Melissa was efficient, fast and so kind. Thanks to her my house was spotless (which I don't think I've ever seen before). I  will absolutely make sure to use Pam and Melissa again for any future needs.
It was good I had the horchata sweet little spot friendly staff but Remember it's cash only
Cheesecake to die for but not ur usual recipe fluffy like a regular white cake Anticipate a line upPortions small
The women in my family trust only Fila with our hair for the past 20 yrs. she's done hair for celebrities like Cher. Hands down one of the best stylists in little Italy!
Big cheap fresh sandwich. Bread is a little too dry. Meats are so tasty but doesn't look well refrigerated so make sure u eat that sandwich right away leaving it out might give u the runs -.-
My fav for date night hands down. Arrive early there are always line ups. If you have a friend from out of town and want to show them toronto flava this is the spot
Food was mediocre. Chicken dry fries flavour less really would not reccomend for more than beer and wings. Service was ok
Always delicious reasonably priced. Carnivores do not pass kings cafe up plenty of dishes you won't miss the meat in. Sushi is always fresh but not a lot of variety sushi rolls Unfortunately. They have the very best vegetable tempura I've had in the city just delicious!
After party snacks and conversations! Almost a 5 star but had problems w burgers cooked too rare more than once. Everything else on menu Delish! Macaroni and cheese bites yummm
Pasta is addicting, large portions, reasonably priced. pizza not so much, crust is a little dry and thick. Large delicious salad. If they offered veal sandwiches this would be our go to Italian spot..  Time to grow ur menu guys!
Pricey but delicious. Chicken fingers were bomb. Good service. Fresh comfort food vegan. I have to say that I hated the poutine though. Whatever mock cheese they use tasted very strange like a pass due goat cheese
Best veal sandwich in town and also the cheapest. They deliver too and quickly! Been going to this family business my whole life. It's dufferin groves precious little secret
Simple review. Food fantastic. Service terrible. Slow or order doesn't come at all. Ruined my b day plans w a table of hungry ppl and late for our after plans. They're busy bc theyre food is good so to the owners pls if you want to keep your clientele put more staff on! One waiter one cook is not enough!!!
Really great food and fresh. Friendly staff. Very clean really loved our visit. Was my grandpas first time having sushi he loved it! Would come again
All the stir fry and rice dishes I order here r Delish! Calamari  and the appetizers too. Fresh shakes. The pho soup not so much. It's pretty cheap price wise. Would reccomend  for all food except pho which is funny bc of their name. Maybe just change name lol. The lunchtime pad Thai special is amazing. Brought lots of friends here and dates and it's always been great.
Flavour was fantastic spot on. However portion was small and pricey. The rice was very dry nothing special. Would go again for tacos only
I have to say better than expected and awesome addition to the college strip. Very tasty fresh americainized Chinese food. The fried rice wasn't greasy it was a large but not overly large serving fresh and authentic. The general tso chicken was a very westernized in the bright red sweet sauce your used to. Less authentic but delicious mom the less. Would recommend. Not as cheap as china town prices but still reasonable
The owner is someone who is old school and takes pride in his food with fresh ingredients. The salad sucked but it was a dumb idea of me to even get one. This is a mom and pop shop come here for the traditional favs not salad. the eggplant Parmesan was a dream. Will surely. Be back
I give it a 3 1/2. It's clean waitress was really nice food was fresh and quick tasty not my best but good. Sushi and portions were a little small but I didn't. Mind I hate feeling over stuffed. Lunch special was cheap. Not the kind of place I would bring friends to but by myself for lunch since it's close to home sure I'll be back
Great quality product, reasonable price. Just wish they were opened a little later for ppl coming off of work and on their way to the gym right beside, they would profit from staying open that extra hour. Also good to know they deliver  online through foodora!
Quick service. Friendly. Delicious . healthy fresh wrap. I got the vegetarian eggplant. Clean dining area which makes me think the kitchen is the same. There food is not overly salty like other falafel places. A little pricier then other places but I don't mind since the quality was there. Will return
The cash return on the Walmart credit card is really good. I do my groceries here now too. If ur on a budget this is ur spot. Dufferin mall location is connected to so many other great stores. I make a day of shopping and have to bring a hockey bag. Enjoy!
Our new fav place! Great variety, affordable, large sizes, open till late 11pm loveeeeeNice little lounge area to read a book and kick back alone or with friends greats eats and stuff to do nearby too
Was really happy with. My first experience here. It's now one of my fav all u can eat sushi in the city. Food was fresh delicious good portions. Huge variety to choose from order on an I pad. Loved the Volcano roll. Will be back soon.
Disgusting. I witnessed an employee assault a customer by throwing hot gravy at him and his wife's head. There are pictures to prove it. He was middle eastern thin with scruffy facial hair. Hopefully he has since been fired and charged. Will never return here again Not only did the employee assault his customer but he ran outside to continue to physically assault them in front of their baby. I've never seen anything so classless in my life. Onceagain there are pictures to prove this.
Best affordable fresh  falafel in town quiet and peaceful a good spot to read love it
I love this place! It is the best nail salon yet. Friendly staff and perfectionists. They won't let you leave unhappy and have a reward program as well. They really care about your happiness and health. I strongly recommend this place if you want an enjoyable time while getting a beautiful manicure
If I could give a half star, I would rate this place 3.5 stars.  This shop had a lot going on. It's a small space and it was a little too confusing for everyone since they want you to pay first and then choose your gelato flavors. Therefore you end up with several people going back and forth from the counter to the cashier. In any case, they had a great selection of gelato. They also had French macarons and other sweet treats. The boyfriend ordered a medium and you can have up to 4 flavors in a medium sized cup. The server that helped us was awesome. She packed for flavors in one cup - lemon, vanilla with cherries, salted caramel and banana. Yes, a random selection. In any case, the gelato was pretty good.  The lemon was the least favorite flavor that we ordered, which was surprising because I thought the banana would be the least liked.  The salted caramel was the winner in the group. It had a great balance of sweet and salty.
A friend of mine wanted some boba/tea and since we weren't too familiar with the area I turned to Yelp for help (hah!).  This was the first shop that popped up on the list of suggested places to go to. We figured it had plenty of 5 stars and plenty of reviews. I mean come on, as my friend stated, "Not a lot of boba places have a 5 star rating".  So we decided to go. This is a small shop. We were lucky that we missed the loooong line that followed us after we ordered. I ordered my usual - iced Thai tea with pudding. Generally the pudding is too hard in most boba spots but this one was soft and pretty tasty, not too sweet. The Thai tea itself was also not too sweet. I really liked it. The boyfriend ordered the passion fruit slushie and he really liked it. I wish I had the chance to taste it but I was really enjoying my Thai tea drink.  Oh and the prepped the drinks pretty fast so you're not waiting around for awhile. The only thing about this place that my friends and I weren't too keen about was the cashier. She didn't offer us the frequent buyer stamp card.  She also stamped the one card that we shared only 4 times even though we ordered 6 drinks. When we inquired why she did that she gave some statement about it's not in their policy and then she said something else but we couldn't hear it. Our friend even told her that she lived there and that it's her card but the cashier didn't want to hear it. She wasn't mean or rude about it, it was just a really weird situation. In any case, we are still coming back even after this miscommunication.
Another restaurant at another strip mall in Vegas. My friends raved about this place and suggested that we go here for dinner. We got here before the height of dinner time, which was great since they don't have a lot of seating inside. When we walked in, we were immediately greeted and seated. The staff is very friendly and the restaurant is very clean. Oh and plenty of parking in their lot. Their menu is not too extensive and prices are fair. When you dine in and you get the sets, you can get free refills for the cabbage salad, miso soup and rice. Their miso soup is excellent and very flavorful The cabbage salad is great with the ume dressing. There's also a side of spicy mustard if you want to dip your tonkatsu in it.  You also get to grind your own sesame seeds before you add the tonkatsu sauce in your dipping dish. That was fun to do!  The boyfriend got the thick cut tonkatsu with curry and rice. The curry was super flavorful and there was a very slight kick to it. His tonkatsu was on the thicker side compared to my friend who got the thinner tonkatsu.  If you order the thicker cut tonkatsu you get one. If you get the thinner cut, you get two. I ordered the tonkatsu set. It came with rice, cabbage salad, miso soup, a side of little pickled onions and three pieces of tonkatsu. The tonkatsu was cooked to perfection. It wasn't dry and not oily at all. The dipping sauce definitely pairs well with the meet. The cabbage salad was great with the ume dressing. Oh and my other friend ordered the set with the ebi and the shrimp was HUGE!  definitely worth the price point. Overall it was a very filling meal. I didn't even finish it. I would definitely go back again since it was really good.
Located in another strip mall in Las Vegas, you wouldn't guess that this restaurant is actually pretty good.  It was easy to find, and lots of parking.  We were immediately seated - the space is very clean and spacious.  They staff was friendly, super nice and attentive - they provided excellent customer service.Now onto the food:The boyfriend and I shared the chicken flautas and the jerk pork hash.  The chicken flautas were amazing.  All the flavors and textures were balanced and it was a good sized appetizer to share with a group of 4 or even 6 people - though you would only get one piece if you shared with 5 other people.  It was a great appetizer to start with.  In addition, my friends enjoyed it so much that we had to order another one to share as a group.We also decided to share the jerk pork hash.  We decided to order the full size because we thought it was going to be a small portion.  Boy, we sure were wrong about that.  When the meal came, we asked the server to place it in the middle.  We were wrong about that as well because when the server asked where to place the other half, we were dumbfounded.  When we were ordering, I briefly mentioned to our waiter that we were going to share the jerk pork hash.  He took it upon himself to have the kitchen do it for us and they plated it in two different plates.  It's such a small detail, but it surely impressed all of us.  The jerk pork hash had a little bit of a kick to it.  It was flavored well, the portion was huge for a half size, and when I kept digging further down in the bowl, I found the potatoes.  You would think that the potatoes would be mushy but they weren't, however, they were not crispy either.  Overall, we were impressed by the portion of the meals, the flavors, and the service they provided.  If I was in the area again, I would come back to try other dishes.
Came here with a few of my friends and the boyfriend on a very hot Las Vegas morning.  It was a Friday and it was packed!  We waited for a good amount of time but nothing too long.  The hostess seemed a little overwhelmed since he was trying to man the cash register, seat people and get the to go orders all at the same time.  Any case, he got through his list of things to do and we were seated in no time.  The menu is a little overwhelming.  There were so many options to choose from - from adobo fried rice to Portuguese sausage to the variety of pancakes and to sandwiches.  Again, it was overwhelming to choose what to eat!  In any case, we placed our ordered and waited for a good 10 minutes or so and we had our breakfast.The boyfriend ordered the cookies and cream short stack.  It came with three pancakes and a huge dollop of fresh whipped cream.  As well as a side of cream cheese syrup.  He was in heaven.  He loved every bite of it.  I had a piece and it was just way toooooo sweet for me, but like I stated, it was perfect for the boyfriend.  I ordered Lolo Rick's adobo fried rice.  It was wrapped up in an omelette and I had a side of hash browns.  It was carbs on carbs.  The fried rice was a little too dry for me.  A part of me should have asked (if it was offered and doable) if I could get the eggs over easy.  The omelette was cooked a little too well done and if it was a little runny, it would have been great with the rice.  I love runny yolk with rice.  Overall, the flavor was great, it was a little too dry for my preference.  The other items that my friends ordered looked great and everyone loved their meal.  After it was all said and done, our bill came out to less than $70, which was great considering we ordered A LOT of food.  Overall, the staff was attentive enough, the food was okay, there are so many options on the menu and the price point is decent.  Would I come back?  Why not.  I would like to try the other options they offer and they sure have on their menu a lot to choose from.
The first time I had Shake Shack was in NYC around 2005/2006.  I remember that it was pretty good but I didn't want to stand in a long line for it. Over the years I did go several times to the NYC location and the last time I had it was at least 6-8 years ago. So at this visit, I ordered the cheese fries and they were great!  A good amount of cheese on it and the fries were nice and crispy. The chick'n shack was crispy, lots of pickles but the bread was a little too soft to my liking. The boyfriend ordered the shack-cago dog and the double shack burger. He liked both but he really preferred the cheese fries and he ordered another serving!There was plenty of seating and no long lines at this location. Their facilities were clean and their employees were very friendly. There was a particular employee that was awesome because he asked if we wanted a refill for our drinks, we said yes and he delivered it to us. We didn't even ask. He was awesome!  I would give the service 4 stars and the food 3.5 stars. If I was in Las Vegas and around the Summerlin area, I would visit this location again.
My friends and I only came here because we wanted an instagram moment.  What was the instagram moment that brought us here?  Well, it was for the taiyaki with a custard swirl.  We saw a lot of photos on instagram and on their yelp page of this glorious dessert that was just too pretty to eat.  Plus we wanted to know if it was actually good.  We got there pretty late on a Friday night and there was a slight line.  No big deal because it gave us time to decide on what flavor combo we wanted for the taiyaki.  Their menu has options for Italian ice, Italian ice combo, Italian ice and custard combo and the taiyaki.  Their space is small, so if you have a large group, you'll have a hard time finding a seat.  In addition, there were only two people working, so that's why there was a bit of a line.  One at the cash register and the other prepping everything.  Though we think there might have been a third one in the back helping with the taiyaki prep.  In any case, the line moved pretty fast.  We placed our order and waited a bit for our dessert.  Since we got there so late, our group was the last one that got the taro flavored taiyaki.  There were other flavors as well, but I forgot what they were (sorry!).  We got our order and well, it was so pretty.  The taiyaki itself is a soft cake like texture.  I was expecting a waffle consistency where it's crunchy on the outside and fluffy in the inside.  It was just all fluff.  I think it's so it can hold up the custard that sits on top of it.  Oh, you an opt in for some nutella inside the taiyaki as well, I didn't want to go overboard so I just kept it simple.  I got the taro taiyaki with matcha tea and ube flavored custard.  The combination of the two was excellent.  It was refreshing and not too sweet.  The matcha tea flavor was not overwhelming and the ube was on point.  I wanted more!  With that sort of reaction, I would definitely be coming back since it was delicious.  Next time I will opt out of the taiyaki and just get the custard.  I can't wait for my next visit!
This place is AMAZING.  I'm glad my friends found this place because any time we are in Vegas, we always make sure to stop here.  Their poke is the best and legit.  I am so glad you can order by the pound.  They definitely aren't the trendy poke bowl shop, so don't expect it when you go here.  It's a small shop, so be aware that there's no place to sit to eat.  It's definitely a to go shop. The prices are fair.  The variety is also awesome.  They have so many different kinds to choose from.  The staff is always friendly and if you have any questions, they are always willing to help out.  The last time we went here, we got there 15 minutes before they closed.  If you don't see what you want (any style ahi poke), they will make it for you on the spot.  We always get the shoyu ahi and garlic ahi and they are always flavored well.  My friends love getting the scallops and the tako.  Both are always nicely seasoned and not one flavor is overpowering.  They cut the fish perfectly and it's a consistent size all the time. Again, the flavors, the price point, the variety and the staff is what brings me back every single time I'm in town.  One of the best poke I've had on the mainland.
I've been wanting to try this place out ever since I found out that they are related to Fat Choy's and I LOVE Fat Choy's.  In any case, the friends and I finally had a chance to stop by and we glad that we did.  First of all, we were not at all familiar with the location so we got lost but we eventually found it.  There's not a lot of parking so when it gets busy, it can be challenging.  The space is quite small and it's harder for larger groups to sit together since the premise of this place is to order first and then find a seat after.  If you are a larger group, they try to accommodate you and make sure that your group sits together, which is pretty awesome.  The staff is very friendly and service is on point.  They check up on how things are and they make sure that your water is filled and will ask if you want more sauce.  Anyhow, as I stated earlier, you order first and their menu is not at all extensive.  They keep it simple so they can work their magic on the items that they do offer.  Some of my friends opted for the chicken and rice (roasted version as well), chicken wings and the bao.  The chicken bao was massive.  It was a little dry for me but you just add some sauce to it and viola!  It becomes awesome.  The boyfriend got the roasted chicken and rice and he really liked it.  He said that his chicken was not dry at all and he especially loved the rice.  I ordered the hainan chicken and rice.  I agree with the boyfriend and the rice was excellent - it had excellent flavor and it was not salty at all.  Who knew that rice would be so darn good?!?  The chicken was moist and had great flavor but you do need the sauces to make it spectacular (at least that's my preference).  If they don't offer you enough sauce, you can always ask for more.  Overall, I really liked the food here, the service was great and the price point is decent.  I would definitely come back here again because I want to try the other items that they have on their menu.
I never knew this place existed since there's no sign for it, just a long hallway. While my friends knew it existed and they've had it, we decided to brave the long line and grab a few slices.  It was past midnight on a Saturday night and the line wasn't getting shorter as we stood in it. People were passing by us with either slices of pizza or a full on box with a whole pie in it. When you get to the front of the line, you kinda ignore the menu that they have and just point out the ones that you like. Come to think of it, I think their menu just states the prices and some options but that's all I could remember. In any case, you choose from a handful of choices then they heat it up for you. Each slice is about $5-$6. A little steep for a New York slice but I get it since there was an ample amount of toppings on it. I opted for the pepperoni & sausage and a slice of just sausage. I had the sausage that night and it was goooood. They have red pepper flakes and parmesan cheese if you choose to top your slice with it. Without it was still pretty delicious. The boyfriend had his the next day.  We heated it up and it was still pretty good. But it's definitely better if it was eaten the same day it was ordered. In any case, I would brave the line again and order their other options. It's a pretty good slice of pizza.
Fat Choy is located in the most random casino off the strip. It's inside the Eureka Casino. A friend of mine told me about this place because she loves their baos. I didn't believe her at first but when I had it a few years back, I had to make sure that anytime I'm in Las Vegas, I have to visit this restaurant just for their baos.  This isn't my first time here and it will not be my last. The service can be a little slow, and the smell of smoke is a little much but I don't mind any of it as long as I get an order of their pork belly bao and Peking duck bao. Pork belly bao and Peking duck bao:  They are both very good and flavorful. I do prefer the pork belly bao over the duck because there's more meat on the pork belly. I've had the tofu and mushrooms bao in the past and it was pretty tasty for a vegetarian dish.  If I could eat a lot of these, I would in a heartbeat.  The bun is nice and soft, there's enough sauce and lots of different textures in the dish. I love it!  Sesame noodles:  I was surprised that I liked this dish. It had a great peanut sauce/flavor. The noodles were cooked nicely and had a great bite to them. There was a good amount of chopped up vegetables and sauce in this dish. It was enough to share as well. Pork belly BLT with fries:  the fries were excellent - crispy and soft. If that's even possible. There was enough pork belly and bacon in this sandwich. The sourdough bread was amazing. It was buttered nicely and it was crispy. Overall it was a really good sandwich. 5 stars for the baos and basically that's what the 5 stars are for.  Oh and the prices are pretty good for the amount of food that you get.
My friends and I went here for a birthday dinner and it was a pretty good place for a  decent sized party. It's a pretty spacious venue and definitely nicely decorated. They sat our group by the kitchen and most of you would think that being seated there would be annoying but it wasn't. It was fun watching the food getting prepped and such. It definitely was a well oiled machine. Our server was great and all the staff that we encountered were friendly. Now on to the food...We split four appetizers between 6 people and our server was gracious enough to add to more deviled eggs and biscuits to our order - an order usually comes with 4. Deviled eggs - this was delicious. I generally am not a fan of deviled eggs but this was seasoned nicely and the flavor of dill was spot on. Kale salad - this dish was okay.  It was lightly dressed, they used baby kale and that's all I really have to say about that.Mac & cheese - when this item arrived at our table, I wouldn't have thought that it could be split between 6 people. That little mini cast iron sure fed all of us. It was creamy and cheesy and I wanted more. Classic buttermilk biscuits - I am also not a fan of biscuits. This however was fluffy, soft and buttery. It also included some butter and jam in cute little jars. Add some of that on the biscuit and darn it, you would want another one. On to the entrees. The boyfriend and I decided to share/split two entrees.  He had the St. Louis style pork ribs - we asked for it to be dry and BBQ sauce on the side. He ordered the full rack and that was plenty for two people. The rub had a nice flavor and the meat fell off the bone.  Dip the meat in some sauce and it was even better. I ordered Llewelyn's fine fried chicken. An order came with a thigh, breast, drumstick and wing. Our server told us that it was a good size serving and boy, it was really a good sized serving. Most of the group ordered this and most of us didn't finish it because it was that filling. The chicken was moist and nicely flavored. I think the only thing that we didn't like about it was that the skin wasn't crunchy enough. But this is just a preference. Oh we all ordered cocktails/drinks and they have a nice selection. I had the southern peach and it was nice and refreshing. Make sure to order one when you dine here. Overall, it was great ambience, the staff was friendly, and the food was great.  Also, if I'm ever around one of these establishments, I would go back.
I was greeted right when I entered only because I think they noticed the MJ bag that I had. I didn't catch the sales associate's name that helped me but she was nice. She was a little aggressive at times (I found out that they work on commission of course) but was friendly with her small talk. The other sales associates were just standing around and they kept talking about the other customers in the store. That's a big no-no in the world of retail. In any case, there was a great selection of items, they inform you about the sale items and they inform you about the products that you are about to purchase - final sale, even exchange only.  The items were reasonably priced and yes, I bought another purse.
Came here with some friends on a Sunday night. There's plenty of parking since it's in a strip mall that doesn't have too many stores yet. Once you enter, the owner greets you (I think he's the owner). He's a character. Super nice and a little quirky.  He lets you get a sample of what you want to try out because he wants you to like what you order. He also gave suggestions of pairings. He gave my friend a Gorgonzola and pear pairing and I got a strawberry and Gorgonzola pairing. We both loved it!  But what I really wanted was the ube kit kat flavor and strawberry and cream. It was awesome. The ube kit kat is on point with how ube should taste like. It wasn't too sweet. The kit kat was not at all overwhelming. It was really really good. The strawberry and cream was very subtle. But it still tasted like sweet strawberries. It was also really good but that ube kit kat was the highlight!  Price point, we got the 5 oz for about $5-$6. I actually don't remember but it was worth it. They also sell other items other than gelato. They also have coffee, espresso, cappuccino and the like. The space is also clean but small. There's a couple tables for a group of 4-5 so if your group is larger than that, you might end up taking up a lot more space than expected. In any case, I would definitely come back again...just for that ube kit kat.
I usually don't watch shows when I'm in Vegas but since my friends and I were celebrating, it had to happen.  This is the first Cirque du Soleil show I've seen and now I want to watch all of it. It definitely kept me entertained the whole time. I absolutely loved it!  It was a good balance of slow and fast acts.  Every single act was entertaining. I especially liked the act with the two men - one was taller than the other. I can't believe the strength and flexibility of these performers (actually all of them).  Also, the whole time I was watching I caught myself with my mouth wide open just because I was in awe of what they were doing. It also definitely made me want to work out. Hah!  Overall I had a great time watching this show. It was absolutely entertaining to watch!
So we all know that poke is the next big trend and Las Vegas already knew this.  This place is located in a strip mall, like so many places in Vegas, and at first it was hard to locate but their huge sign made up for it. The shop is organized by poke on the left and miscellaneous goods on the right - goods as in frozen saimin, cake mixes and etc, items that you can only find in some specialty stores. When we arrived, there was a small line. But the guys behind the counter move fast. There were several small batches of poke that you could choose from. There were also seaweed salad, kimchi cucumbers and other items that you can order if you don't want just poke. The boyfriend and I ordered half a pound of the garlic ahi poke with shoyu on the side and half a pound of spicy avocado ahi poke.  Both were delicious!  The ahi was excellent and the flavors were on point. They did run out of the spicy avocado ahi poke but they readily replenished it. It seems as if they are always prepping and they prep small batches so that you get the freshest poke and it's just not sitting there for quite some time. Overall our group spent a pretty penny at this shop but it was well worth it. We would definitely go back again and again and again and again...you get the idea.
I was first introduced to this frozen custard shop 3-4 years ago by a friend.  The first time I had it I loved it and to this day, I still love it. I ordered the single chocolate frozen custard in a flat cone and it was as good as I remember first having it. The chocolate wasn't too sweet and for a single, they sure topped it off a mile high!  The boyfriend ordered the western special. He also loved it. I did have a little of his western special and it was really good!  I generally don't like so many toppings on my frozen treats but it was a great balance of sauces and nuts. They now take debit cards - visa and MasterCard - but there's a $10 minimum, so just use cash money. They also list down the available ice cream flavors on a board at the window that you order from.  In addition if you check in, you'll get a small discount, it's freaking awesome!  Anytime I'm in Vegas, I will definitely stop by.
First of all I ordered the Pigs in Blanket for appetizer, although plain was quite good. My wife and her friend ordered Scotch Eggs and Deviled Eggs which were better than my app. We were only half way through the appetizer when our main course arrived. Myself and my wife's friend had ordered the Fish & Chips. Her chips were cold so got sent back, the waiter was laughing at us as we complained. I ate about half of mine before I could eat no more as it was very greasy. This got sent back also which got taken off the bill which is the least I would expect. The only good things about the meal was the beer and the Mushy Peas. So overall Mr Ramsay, if this was supposed to be British Fish & Chips, your chef failed.
I'm so bummed out about this place. It used to be my favorite restaraunt in terminal 4 at sky harbor  I would walk from the A gates to the D gates just to get the mouth watering salmon salad or the Croque Monsieur sandwich. But after today I won't come back. I've walked the distance the last few times and each time being disappointed with the menu items. Apparently they have changed the items and now it's a bunch of chicken and tuna salad whatever, sandwich, salads etc. Ho hum. I still give it a three star because the service is fast and the items they do serve are ok.
I am so disappointed by the food at this establishment. My husband and I both ordered the Sheperd's pie and it was bland. Definitely not worth the price of $12 a plate.
Gordon had me like Woah!While we waited for our party to arrive we had delicious drinks at the bar. The "drifter" and the "English garden," unique presentation was a nice touch. I was eager to try the beef Wellington after seeing him make it on TV.  That was my order and it was not a let down.  Other dishes worth a mention are: the bone in rib eye A+ sides of potatoes and asparagus also deserve an A rating. Must also give credit to the wait staff. They were very attentive and helpful.  Our waiter recommended getting the toffee pudding cake for dessert and it was the bomb diggity!The only negatives are that the menu is a bit too pricey, and the atmosphere is a bit lackluster for Vegas.
Eating here was a much better experience than your standard all you can eat buffet. It is far more classy and elegant than the typical Vegas buffet.  They had a pretty large selection of foods. Mostly everything I had was good, but nothing in particular blew me away. The display of the food was magnificent. They made each item feel like you were taking something special.  The carving station had the largest selection of meet I have ever seen served in one place. Dessert items were cute and delicious. I would love to come back one day.
I was here several times years ago and I was excited to go back. Unfortunately they served me a pile of wet mush. The whipped cream was all melted.  Even though the soggy crepe did still taste good I couldn't eat any of it because there was hair in it. Disgusted by the lack of effort to serve something decent.
Good but not great. I had the goat roti and also tasted the chicken roti. Both were ok but I don't think this place is worth me driving there just for roti. Cori's is better.
While the selection isn't huge, what is there is a perfect selection and very very good.  I was shocked at the quality.  The lo mein was terrific and actually had texture instead of being a greasy mess like at most buffets and restaurants.  The staff was extremely nice and I recommend dining here if you are interested in a Chinese buffet that has great quality food.All of the chicken dishes were great, the veggies were excellent too.  I did not try the fish, though it looked good as well.  The price for the buffet was ridiculously low too, so don't let the price and buffet size fool you.  You'll be more than happy with what is there.
We are from Southern California and drove to Las Vegas for a weekend stay.  My car was filthy - bug splatters and bird droppings from the drive. And, I have a white car. After breakfast, we went yelping for a good drive through carwash.  Get and Go did not disappoint.   My car was pre-washed, washed, then hand dried by a couple young men.  Get and Go plus the 2 gentlemen did a fantastic job. My car was sparkling. I am so happy with Get and Go's results!
Yum - get my Curry Fix here!  I Love the location too.  This time, I had chicken and tofu saimin.
Worst service ever....got my order wrong in so many ways. I could see my order sitting there while other people were getting their food. My shake was melting, my chicken nuggets were cold. I didn't even get the dip I asked for. My happy meal was missing the yogurt. They were so slow and backed up that they actually had to stop taking orders just to try and catch up. I have never had a good experience coming to this location. Don't even get me started on the fact that most their employees barely speak English. Not to be racist, but maybe I would have gotten better service if I wasn't white.
Was not impressed...karaoke was more dancing than singing. The place was very smokey. The bartenders weren't very friendly or personable. We had to chase them down and even then they weren't trying to provide good service. I would not recommend this place. Sorry, you failed to entertain.
This is probably the dustiest and nastiest hotel room (1023) I have ever paid to stay in and I regret it and will never stay at westin again if I could help it! My allergy and my 6 month daughter's allergy went through the roof. I can't believe they are allowing this room to be rented out for such a dirty room. We ended up cancelling all the rest of our stay on this hotel. Plus, the "resort view" that is specified is nothing but view of the walk way and the uphill sand behind it. What a disappointment. The HVAC unit didn't work properly, no heat only cold. We had to call for their technician to fix it while we were there and the dust from the unit while it was being fixed flew all over the place which added to, again, being the dustiest and nastiest hotel room I have ever been in. The fridge was not working at all and had to call to have it replaced. Their high speed internet is merely like a dial up (very slow).Their front desk personnel did not gave us the food vouchers for breakfast which was included on the booking and we were told that it is not included until I showed them what they had us booked for. Also, the front desk lady could care less with our situation (that it was dirty and hard to breathe on that room) when we asked (several times) for another room at another level...we're only told that "we are sold out" or "full capacity" or "no rooms available"., hard to beleive when looking at the booking sites it shows rooms available.With all the things that wasn't working properly on that room we stayed in, I even wondered if they had rented it out before us or has it been sitting there for a while without being used.? Nevertheless, if they want customers to keep on staying with them, they should take care of their product that they are selling. As of for me and for my future bookinh arrangements, I will choose not to book with westin (and certainly with this hotel) again if there are any other hotels available.I ended up running the hot shower and taking myself my daughter to the bathroom so we can breathe some humid air that helps with the allergy. I would have taken my family out of their had it only been earlier and not past midnight already. I had to run the hot shower several times that night to humidify the room and helps with the allergy with the dirts from the room!If you ever decide to stay here against your better judgement, don't stay on the lower floors and I suggest have the room vaccuumed and dusted again while you are there!Add: After the original review was posted, I received a "compliment" (but was actually the opposite of a compliment) from someone named "Sammy S." (Not sure if related to business or not) that said to the effect of 'we did not die on our stay here and should not bad mouth the business'. - my answer to Sammy S: I hope you experience what we had to go through and maybe think before "complimenting" about someone dying. I do not and I think neither does the business would want someone to die...if you think properly, reviews are important so that businesses knows if there is something wrong that can be addressed and be made better and it is up to then to act on it. If you cannot handle reading reviews not to your liking, then I suggest not reading reviews at all. This is my review based on our experience, I am not making stuff up to bad mouth the business. I paid for the said stay, not you, and you do not have to read my review.I have to add something positive, that the department head of the property's housekeeping reached out personally and has offered apology on our experience. I have to give codus to their department head for that...and that it is appreciable of them to reach and show that they care about the experience of their guests and hopefully be able to improve from our experience.
Always been satisfying whenever we eat here. The food is as good as you can get it in chowking philippines. Siomai here is also exceptional than anywhere else we've tried in vegas valley.
The gym has all the equipment you need, even has pool, sauna, full basketball court, child care. The facility is good and the staff are nice too. Their membership is straightforward, you can cancel whenever you want without any fees., they basically just charge per month and doesn't force you stay for 24 or so many months or else (like the other gyms which has 24 or x month contract)...I guess they are confident that their customers will like their gym. The child care staff are nice too. The only thing is that you have to pay first (if you don't have the monthly child care) before they let the child in but doesn't refund if the child doesn't like it afer 5 minutes and you ended up having to take a child out. Overall, this gym is a good facility to workout in.
Business did reach out and provided refund of the promo discount. Atleast their customer relations department care for their customer's experience. But the price of the service remained the same since that was what was serviced to the vehicle. Lesson on this is question yout service advisor...to show of all the options of service because on this case I was only shown one option which is the more expensive option than what was needed.
Went there yesterday for lunch. The food is alright, in a scale of 1-10, I would give it a 6. If you are craving some tapsilog and such, its a place to go. The serving is kind of small, specially with the desert which a small coned cup of ice cream is $4.( you can buy a half gallon of ice cream for that amount already). The service is slow though...It took 30 minutes or so until the food got to our table. I saw some people that eventually left the place due to the time they waited.
Most of the food we got was disappointing for me and my wife to say the least...totally didn't live up to our expectation based on the good reviews we read before getting here. The kangkong and veggies were tasting pale, overcooked and appear to have been cooked hours already before it got served to us, it wasn't at all fresh. The lechon was somewhat tasting like watery, not what I would expect for a slow cooked lechon. I have been to restaurants in vegas that served much better similar food. Out of the 5 items we ordered, we only liked the Pork Isaw...that one I would give to them. The portions are reasonable for the prices.The place is so-so clean and small.
For me, this is the best teriyaki place in vegas valley. I've been to a lot of teriyaki places, some even advertises, but none that I could find is as good as this place's teriyaki. The price are reasonable and portions are big.
The gym itself is good and the staff are nice - I guess that is the positive side. But their membership contract is the negative side - this is what you need to watch out for. You practically need a lawyer to review it for you. It is very limiting when you try to get out and full of fees. When I signed up with them, they advertised free month to start but You only get the free month if you sign the 24 month contract which the free month is the 25th month...after you supposedly paid the 24 months of payments. (I don't know if the sales agent was just trying to sign bunch of contracts and just said that the free month is after the 24 months. IMO, the free month is supposed to be the first month and before signing anything so can test and judge if you want to stay in this gym or not). When I didn't like going to that gym anymore due to heavy capacity on certain hours and almost no parking anymore and having to wait for equipments to be free, I tried to get out of the contract and was told I had to pay fees. If your payment method, credit card, get changed and you forgot to update them, they will not remind you (even at the front desk) and instead you will just get billed along with fees.
I will not come back to this dealership or any findlay for that matter. Had bad experience. Bait and switch. The internet sales will negotiate with you and then when you are already on the dealership to close the deal, they won't follow through on your already negotiated vehicle and price. And instead, you will be told that the vehicle has add ons so you will need to renegotiate on the same vehicle for a higher price or on another vehicle. Had also bad mouth the other dealership so that I wouldn't go there. Beware. I would not recommend. Walk away when you notice this.
They have done 2 of my cars already and they have been very good. Price is reasonable and they honor their warranty. I have referred my friends here too and they are very satisfied with their work.
BEWARE!!! NEVER COME TO THIS PLACE! Be careful dealing with this dealership. They have the worst tactics in getting the amount you pay higher than what's agreed. Beware of the additional fees such as 'Environmental Paint Protection' and 'VIN Itch' fees. They will charge you $299 and $499 for those respectively when they are actually included by the manufacturer. You should not have to pay for those fees AT ALL! Also check on the available financing offers online for the Nissan financing...they will try to get your APR jacked up when they are not supposed to be. Sales consultant Leo Mendoza is a crook. They don't even know there stock vehicle. They showed us another vehicle and said we have the same featured vehicle in different color that we like but in fact it was actually much less price but charging us the same amount and have different features. Maybe they know and they were just trying to screw us up. What a joke this place is. I'm never going to deal with them again ever.
This place is by far the most & best family friendly resort in Las Vegas valley...an Oasis in the middle of the desert. We stayed at a bora bora room and it's very spacious, clean & homey...the air quality is very clean. It has a large tub, double sinks, a shower with sauna, its own full sized kitchen with equipments, a large terrace, and large living room. And again very clean. All aminities in the room are functioning properly.The resort itself, as I mentioned, is like an Oasis on the middle of the desert. A lot of trees which makes you feel like you are in the forest or in some tropical country resorts. They have areas where families can gather and enjoy barbeques and just hang out. They also have a very large swimming pool with beach area. I took my 6 month old daughter on their beach for the first time and she loved it. They also the well known lazy river which is epic., unfortunately, I was not able to go in there as we had to watch our daughter. But I could see other guests enjoying it very much. They also have activity centers with table games and areas where kids can play in. And lots more. And most importantly, the resort itself is very clean. The staff are very friendly and courteous. They even go above their duties to help out with the loggage.The amount that you pay for your stay here is very worth it. After some bad experience at another resort, it was the best decision that we made to move our stay in tahiti village resort. We stayed for 4 nights total here and loved it. Without a doubt, I will stay in this resort again. And I highly recommend the resort as well.
We bought our entire wood looking porcelain tiles from them. The place appear small from the outside but as soon as you enter the store, you will find that they have a large variety of options for your flooring needs, way larger than other big box store and with prices that are very competitive, if not way less, than the others and are with very good quality products. David, who took care of us, was very nice and professional. He helped us find something that we liked. And because it was going low on stocks, the price was even brought down to much lower than posted price. If they have items that are going low on stock, they even lower the price to remove it out of their inventory which can help you.I recommend this place for flooring supplies. And thank you David!
I'd like to recognize Terry Singer, from the internet sales department, for being honest and upfront to me which is very refreshing to see after experiencing the bad practices from all other dealerships. I advise reaching out to him if you ever want a honda. He is the only one, after going and reaching out to all other honda dealerships in the valley (the other honda dealerships are owned by Findlay which has horrible sales tactics IMO), that provided a quote and sale without the bs fees and other add ons that are being billed by the other dealerships. Even their sales finance manager is honest (i tried to low ball and he told me upfront that they are really in the negative already. But I already knew that because they are thousands of dollars lesser than Findlay's from the quote already). Because of that, I am giving this dealership 5 stars. (A first for me for car dealerships). I have bought multiple vehicles already in my lifetime, have dealt with numerous dealerships in those process (one dealership I previously reviewed negatively here due to their horrible practice), and have had experienced most of the worst tactics there is the car dealerships and buying...and only this time with Auto Nation Honda is the first time that I have truely had a very good experience.  I suggest you reach out to them, do your research, and even try to get a quote from the other dealerships and compare with them., chances are, they will be lesser and upfront to you than the other ones.
The place is clean and spacious. Staff is corteous and fast service. And the food are delicious...they are close to my place so they have always been my saviour whenever the wife is craving something that taste like home. Highly recommended.
Hello all, Atlanta GA here i bought one of their bikes and i love it ! it does just about everything they said it would do. Battery last  about right of course it depends on the road conditions, weight as i carry all my groceries and garden supplies in the bike cart that i pull with the bike. i did have a problem with bike running odd battery going in and out i called and got hold of someone rightaway not sure what others are talking about i NEVER had ANY trouble getting a hold of anyone there, worked with chase to figure out what was wrong, we first replaced the controller he sent me a new one 2 day shipping i replaced it with his step by step help on the phone as i did it !! But that was not the Problem ;( , so they found a bike shop here in Atlanta i took it there and 2 days later it was fixed it had a loose connection were the battery connects to the motor. worked Great ever since. Not sure what else i could ask from these guys that they have not done. Great Service great bike, I am Happy !!
Went there despite a low rating on Yelp. Place was empty as in the only two people there were us. The food came out and it was cold, apparently they smoke the meat during the day and leave it in a warmer for the rest of the night had to sent it back. On the second try it was a little better but still not hot as I am used to eating . Either way won't be going back therefor dinner this might be lunch spot only.
Heads up! came here for the reviews and it took longer than 30 mintues just for potateo tacos and fries! not a good experience for the first time, staff said they had calls to take care of; but what about the customers here ;(. again not good experience!
I was not impressed. The cover was $30 for ladies and $40 for guys. Seriously? I don't have a problem paying cover, but $30 is excessive. I ended up just heading over to a lounge that was also located in the Luxor instead.
Went in to get my necklace cleaned before heading over to the pool at Aria. I was greeted quickly and directed to the back area. I left my necklace and ended up picking it up the next day. Once again I was greeted quickly. There was a long wait, but I didn't mind browsing with my guy and trying on a few pieces while we waited. My necklace came back and looked better than new!
For now, I have a love-hate relationship with The Bank. I was on the guestlist for a Sunday night. Since our group had more guys than girls, the girls got in free, while the guys paid $20. The best part was the open Skyy Vodka bar! Were were able to get everyone a few vodka/crans. Have to admit that most of the party goers were cute/hot! The worst part was that the power kept going out every 5 minutes for the first 45 minutes that we were inside. Get it together! On top of that it was so crowded! Packed like sardines! The bouncers only cared about the bottle service patrons (as expected), but they need to learn that people will move closer and closer to the tables as you pack everyone in more tightly. One of my guy friends actually got kicked out, lol, but walked right back in and continued to party!The Bank would have gotten 5 stars if it would not have been for the power problems. If you get bottle service they bring out a mini-parade for you including sparklers. If you are looking for Top 40's/Hip-Hop bangers on a Sunday night, I would HIGHLY recommend this place.
Thank you for the B of A ATM. I only got to see the floor with the ATM, but it was fun seeing all of the M & M memorabilia. I wish they had a brown M & M shirt. I wanted to buy brown and my guy was going to get red (love that commercial).
Stopped in to grab a drink before heading over to The Bank. It was pretty busy. The bar service was fast. 5 of us got our drinks within a few minutes entering despite the crowd. The drinks were a tad bit on the pricey side. At least the bouncer transferred my drink to a plastic cup on the way out.
My group made a stop here while on our way to The Bank on a Sunday night. The bar is simply beautiful and great for photos. The bar was relatively empty compared to the night before when we passed it. It was great for us since we wanted to use the atm, restroom, order, then go. One of the bartenders did give my friend the wrong directions to the atm though. We were on a mission for Patron shots since 2 people in the group had never tried them before. 8 chilled shots of Patron in cute shot glasses lined with salt and served with lime. Nothing too fancy. I believe the shots were $12 compared to $16 at other bars we visited. The bartenders were friendly. We chatted with them about different types of alcohol & percentages in the US verses overseas. Overall, I would pop in her for another drink.
I don't think I will be using the shuttle service during my next trip. $24 for roundtrip for 2 sounded like an unbeatable price. The shuttle from the airport went ok. The drive did pass our hotel. We ended up being the last ones dropped off. No worries though.The problem came in with the return trip. I called the day before to schedule pick up. My flight was at 8:45a. I was told that we need to be at the 2 hours early, so the shuttle would be there to pick us up at 6:00a. This did raise a little concern, but I had already purchased the vouchers, so I scheduled.The next morning, we head downstairs at about 5:50a. We don't see anyone from Executive. We waited about 20 minutes. I decided to call Executive. I was told that the driver had been there, but left and we were marked as a "no show." So, I'm guessing the driver "forgot" about our hotel again. We ended up paying another shuttle driver for a ride. I have to send the chips in via mail for a refund. Just another unnecessary hassle. At the very least, I should be able to return the unused voucher at the booth where I purchased them.
My guy and I fell in love with this place! We went during the Mariachi Brunch on a Sunday. We used a restaurant.com certificate, so we had to spend a minimum of $50, which wasn't that hard. We ordered the sampler platter for the appetizer. Everything was delicious! I loved the nachos and shrimp quesadilla. For entrees, we ordered the carne asada tacos and carne asada from the grill. All of the food was seasoned well and the portions were big. Will return on my next trip to Vegas.
This place gets a worse rep than it deserves. You should go into the stay knowing that you are not staying at the Cosmo or Wynn. You didn't pay the price for it, so why would you expect something similar?I checked in at about 10 am. The clerk was very friendly and even waived the resort fee because I was celebrating my birthday! My room was clean and it faced the Luxor pyramid. It looked similar to an average Holiday Inn inside the rooms. As a first time gambler, I enjoyed the $5 minimums on the table games and the friendly dealers. I also visited the pool. I liked that there was an adult pool area! The main pool and connecting hot tub were filled with kids. The adult pool was nice because it wasn't too crowded and I ended up meeting great people to party with later on that night!If you are a cheap college student looking for a place to crash that is not sketchy, I recommend Excalibur!
This pool was a great time. My friend was unable to get into Wet Republic because he didn't have swim trunks, so we headed over to Liquid instead. We were handed free passes by a promoter on our way over to the pool. We arrived at about 1 pm on a Friday. It took about 5 minutes to get in to the pool. I liked that there was a free check in area for all of our belongings. The pool was on the small side, but they did play a good variety of music. They have a pretty good drink special that comes with a souvenir cup too. Overall, the crowd was friendly and ranged from early 20's to a few 40+. Highly recommended for a laid back, fun pool party.
Just OK. I think it is a little bit pricy for the quality. It reminds me of an expensive In-N-Out. I liked the topping choices, and I liked the fry choices. I had a medium burger and fat fries! Wait time was a little long for a dead afternoon, but the burger was satisfying.
I enjoyed my yard of alcoholic slush. Beware of the extra shots. I thought that while it was melting the shots would mix into the drink. I was WRONG. I had two extra shots and even after the yard it was hard to drink them down. I had an amaretto/strawberry mix. I think I'll opt for something a little fruitier next time!
Came here with the boyfriend for dinner on a Saturday. The line was pretty long but we got seated fairly quick. Food was great. Of course, the highlight of the meal was the crab legs. Sweet, juicy, tender and succulent - just how crab should be. The lamb chops, Kobe top sirloin, prime rib, and beef wellington were also pretty good. For dessert, the creme brule and macarons were to die for. I fell in love with macarons after our dinner here. We were on a time crunch to catch the Jabbawockeez so we didnt get to stay here for too long. Definite must go-to spot if you have a big appetite while  in Vegas. Skip the buffet at Wynn and go here. We tried both buffets and Bellagio's is definitely better! Bigger, better selection of food and our service was outstanding. I loved our server. Very attentive, and has the eyes of a hawk. She refilled our drinks before they were even half empty. Thanks!
Forestiere was sublime, Vegetarian (daughter is vegetarian) was one of the best ever.
Scouted this place out on instagram & yelp before our trip to Vegas and was very pleased that the reviews seemed accurate. Came in and the place was quiet with only a handful of people already eating. Service was prompt. You order at the counter and theres a selection of ingredients/toppings to build your menu choice with (I ordered nachos no meat) Came in especially looking forward to trying the elote; which was good. My husband enjoyed his tacos and said the meat was tender and had good flavor. The salsa bar was also a nice feature because I practically drink salsa.
Blueberry hill has turned into our go to breakfast spot when in Vegas. Nice family dining atmosphere with a variety of menu selections; generous portions and delicious food. Personally love the Oreo pancakes but I've also have had their omelets and crepes. You can tell the food has been prepared with pride in its presentation. I've  been here 3 times and service has been consistently attentive and never a wait to be seated.
I strongly do not suggest this company. Maximum comfort specialist was referred to us by my home warranty company. I haven't had air conditioning since 6/19/17. The person Veronica stated to my warranty company that a representative will be in my area 6/21/17. I called this morning and she was very rude and stated that No one will be in my area until Friday. My husband has heart condition, my animals needed rehomed, and she wouldn't give me a corporate address for me to write. It is very unlikely that she is a manager of the company. The house reaches 98 degrees inside and all they do is push you to other dates. They are required to sch edule an appointment within 48 hrs, which they never do. They say in your area but never schedule a time. I've lost 2 days work and stressed. I'm taking this company to the next level due to this serious problem. My home warranty company has also filed a complaint. So, for your sanity, do not deal with this company. They have been report to better Buisness Bureau  As I said, tomorrow morning will be 48 hrs  hrs. Without air conditioning.
Awesome. Friendly owners. Great rates. Top notch equipment. People doing serious training with no attitude. If you want a place to train and feel inspired and educated to always improve this is it.Plus their special deadlift bar finally got my deadlift to 6 plates! :)
This place is our "go-to" take out place. It's right by our house and the delivery is fairly quick. They don't speak the best English, but with a little patience the communication is not too difficult. We order the chicken lettuce wraps, crab Rangoon, wonton soup, egg drop soup, chicken chow mien and the beef with broccoli. We haven't ever had a poor meal there, I am unsure what all the bad reviews are for, this place is a hole in the wall, not gourmet Asian cuisine. Service, food, and delivery speed are acceptable
I have been spent 10 years in Vegas shopping all over for a decent/clean/reasonably priced nail salon, and Pink Nails is the only one that I have stayed, and will stay loyal to. They have a huge selection of options and services that they perform for reasonable prices. The staff is friendly and quick. They all speak fairly good English, and remember me every time I go in there. The stations are always moved around in different arrangements, so you can tell they clean it constantly. I have had full sets and pedicures done here, and have even brought my 11 year old sister for manicures and they happily do funky cute little designs on her for no extra cost. I never get upsold or hustled for services I dont want, and if they ask me if I want something extra and I say no, that is the end of it. I love this place, the staff and the location.
Very friendly and helpful  staff. Love that Osh kosh is connected. Always fully stocked, size ordered and organized. Only 4 stars because stock doesn't seem to rotate that often but I guess that's corporates responsibility not theirs.
We go to Carlitos at least once a month for New Mexican food. The stuffed sopapillas are my favorite, and my boyfriend always gets a Carlitos Burrito (double meat) smothered in red chile. I always order a sopapilla on the side so I can eat it with honey at the end of the meal. The only thing I have had here that I think could use some improvement is their calabacitas. I would love to see them add fideo to the menu at some point too.
We recently made an appointment for a gender reveal. They got me in the same day I called, which was really cool.  Our ultrasound tech was Janet and she was fantastic. She spent almost 40 minutes with us and showed us all the different parts of the baby, which for first time parents is very cool. We got a bunch of photos, dvd & cd all in our package price. We will be coming back in October with our parents so they can enjoy this experience as well.
This place was great (food/drinks/prices), our waiter was not so great. The lady who bussed our tables was AWESOME and took the time to tell us all her favorite things on the menu.We happened to be there on latin night which was really cool, it was so packed there was nowhere to sit on the patio, but it was no big deal because we got a great view of the amazing dancer. Best shrimp tempura I have ever had! Will be coming back to try more items
Selection was very good. Service was fast and friendly. We tried the grilled cheese, turkey bacon avocado, clam chowder and garden chowder. Everything we tried was very good. Prices were fair for the servings size.
This place is AMAZING! I had never had this cuisine before and we tried it on a whim recently (it is in our neighborhood and we wanted to try something new). I have been back 5 times in less than 2 months. The food was awesome, the staff is helpful and nice. I like the bar setup also because I can go in during lunchtime by myself and read my book. Love this place!
They got the job done that they were supposed to do and they were very nice people. However, they didn't cover any of my furniture (they told my husband there would be plastic covering my items). My entire house is covered in concrete dust and debris. I have no idea how I am going to clean it. I have been calling around for a few days and almost nobody offers this type of cleanup.I also came home in the middle of the construction one evening and found our air conditioner was turned down to 78 (it was 100 degrees outside and there was a 2 foot hole in my wall to the OUTSIDE with the a.c. blasting) If I hadn't come home that evening to check on the house I cant imagine what my power bill would be for September. The workers all denied touching the thermostat, despite the fact that I turned it up to 88 degrees before we left the house.
Food is always good but the man who runs it is not the friendliest. Cute little spot in downtown Henderson.
We went to Honey Pig last night for my birthday dinner. The gentleman who was our waiter at first was AWESOME he didn't mind telling us what everything was and explaining what things were. He even brought us a special sauce that was his favorite.The food was awesome but the reason I give 3 stars is because after our waiter left at the end of his shift, the young ladies who were still working gave less than stellar service. We never had our water or tea refilled and they stood at the counter and stared at us for a good 45 minutes. The food is worth it though!
We eat here occasionally, just had lunch the other day. Food was SOLID as always. Unfortunately our server, Christian, I believe his name was was almost unbearable. I have never had poor service here but he definitely made our lunch awkward and his behavior was blatantly even annoying his coworkers. My dad will probably never come here again if only to avoid this waiters "Joe Pesci" shtick
Best bbq I have had in town hands down. We had the pick 3 with ribs, hot links and brisket and the catfish plate. Our sides were bbq beans and Mac n cheese. Ribs were falling off the bone and the brisket was tender and juicy. Everything was full flavored and smoky. We do not care for sweet sauce at all and their in house "Arkansauce " was perfectly balanced with heat, vinegar and sugar. There was several nice people working who were friendly and warm without being on top of you while you ate. Very laid back easygoing place we will definitely be coming back.
Food is always on point. Standouts are the catfish, ribs and brisket. My only complaintsis small- they bring the food out one meal at a time so you're sitting there with your food getting cold while everyone else waits for there's.
I have a monthly membership and have used this location for all of my massages and facials. I recently got a facial here and loved it, the therapist, Gigi was fabulous and informative. Heather is my masseuse and she is awesome also. She always remembers me and she gives me suggestions to relieve tension in my shoulders and back. She keeps up conversation with me when I feel chatty, and she lets me stay quiet when I just want to relax. LOVE her!3 stars for the front desk staff who are weird everytime I go in there or call in for an appointment. Most of the time they are so overtly proffessional, robotic and hyper it is really offputting. There is nothing wrong with being proffessional, but it comes off as unfriendly, scripted and forced. The last time I called in, the girl misunderstood my questions I was asking, she couldnt get my name right all 3 times she asked me what my name was. Then, when I went in for my appointment, I am assuming the same girl asked for my name a million times AGAIN.
We used to frequent this location, the last few times we have gone on customer appreciation day (25% off) and the service and food have been less than stellar. We ordered chicken gyros and they were dry-- when we asked the waitress for extra tzaziki sauce she had a blatant attitude-- we didn't even mention the food being dry. I was extra disappointed because my mother was in town and I was so excited to bring her to Paymons. Another time I ordered a cup of their AMMAAAAZING lentil soup, the waiter brought me a bowl of it, which he insisted I ordered instead of the cup. We waited and waited for refills and our bill. As stated above we used to come here all the time but the last few disappointing experiences have deterred me from returning.
Store was so overstocked all the racks were barely shoppable. This store is billed as an outlet but has the same sales and prices as the other Carters stores and online. HUGE selection but if you have a local Carters just stick to that. All the same stuff and none of the quiet convenience of your local store. Staff very sweet and fast.
Our favorite Greek place in town. Good prices and the family that runs it always remembers us. Things to try:Chicken gyroChicken salad (has feta, cucumbers, tomatoes and yummy Greek dressing)Pita and hummus Baklava
First choice for "cheat day" meal. I have never had a bad pizza here and they give you yummy bread before your meal. Sometimes service can be slow but the staff is great other than that.
Great selection on boots, accessories and home decor. 3 stars for 2 reasons-1. most of the home accessories are not marked clearly with a price, and sometimes damaged items are kept on display. 2. I have never had good customer service here, and I go here frequently. I have never been asked if I am finding everything ok or if I need help with anything (hence frustration with pricing on merchandise)
We ate the Spanakopita with Greek salad. The Spanakopita (2) were dark and my wife's Spanakopita were burned. The salad had a chunk of feta cheese, lots of tomatoes, cucumbers and lettuce. Pita was also served. The waiter spoke both English and French and was helpful in answering our questions.Salad was great but not the Spanakopita.
My wife and I ate here and had the Grilled Chicken Breast with assorted salads including Israeli salad, cole slaw, sour pickle slices, chopped lettuce and tomatoes. It was Kosher and prepared very nicely. There was no waiter service and we picked up the order at the counter and helped select what salads we wanted on our plate.
My wife and I visited the Black Creek Pioneer Village. Most of the buildings found here were relocated within 20 miles of the sight.The sidewalks were mostly wooden boardwalks. At some of the buildings there were costumed interpreters who answered questions and told about the time about 100 years ago.The most interesting part was the exhibit on  Young Children sent to Canada from England to live and grow up as servants until they were 18 years old.
Fabric, fabric, fabric everywhere!If you're a crafter or a tailor, you already know about Jo-Ann's extensive fabric and craft supply selection, their weekly coupons, their price-matching, and their hours, so I won't go into that.  What I will go into is their customer service.  The employees at their cash register are super helpful and pleasant.  In particular, there is an older gentleman (I believe he is the store manager) who has been especially helpful and kind. The employees at the fabric cutting station are mostly great.  However, there was one individual who was unnecessarily unpleasant when asked to do her job of cutting fabric and answering questions about the fabric.  Seriously, there's no need for an employee to be exasperated at a customer when they have questions and there's no need to make said customer feel stupid.  Outside of that one employee, this store is great.
So first and foremost, this review is primarily for the dog park.  There are three separate dog parks in the dog park complex, and they're split for small and large dogs.  Though I don't understand why there's only ever two parks open when there are three parks open, but I'm guessing it's to take time to take care of the grass in each park.Anyway, the hours are great, 6am to 11pm every day. There's a great deal of parking available that's all relatively close by.  I go to the dog park to get my dog out to get some exercise and get socialized with other dogs.  I don't really go to socialize myself.  Dog park time is about my dog.  I would go more in the early morning (if I didn't like sleep so much) because the morning dog park people are, at least to me, way more pleasant. Early morning dog park people are really there to get their dogs some exercise and socialization.  Not a big fan of the late afternoon into evening dog park people because, well, they set up makeshift lawn chair communes and have this high-school clique vibe.  But alas, I really like sleep. Also, there are water fountains for the dogs, so kudos on keeping the doggies hydrated.Moving away from the designated dog parks, the rest of the park is great for walks.  There's enough free grass space to allow for dog walkers, a great expanse for the league sports, there's a skate park (which never fails to be full of people), there's the aquatic center (both indoor and outdoor facilities), and it's the hosting venue to lots of events throughout the year (Red, White, and Boom, and Bite of Las Vegas for example).All in all, a pretty great county park.
Hit or miss, that is a fair summation of this place.  I've encountered lots and lots of random stuff that I would  never consider purchasing, and it is lots and lots as there are seemingly an infinite array of stalls here.  Then there are the treasures that I find.  And those, well, those are worth the lots and lots of stalls of random stuff. Example: Collector's editions of Barbies for holiday gifts to a friend of mine who has been collecting for 20 years and counting, and at a discount from the list price.  If you know about these dolls, some of them have very hefty price tags, so it's great to get them at a deal.  Another example: A signed jersey for the Dallas Cowboys from the early 90s when they won three Super Bowls, and signed by my favorite Cowboy of all time, Troy Aikman.  That, sadly, I did not purchase since it was still out of my price range, but seriously a treasure found.  The staff at the counter is, hmm, crochety old lady and sweet little grandma, never a happy medium from my observation. What knocks down the stars for me is that the Tea Room is no longer up and running.  That Tea Room was awesome and had the best chicken cranberry salad I've ever had.
This is pretty standard as far as Little Caesar's go, nothing really that stands out from any other of these locations around the valley.  Though I will give credit to the people in the kitchen for the hustle on the turnaround of pizzas. So good job on the speed!
It's a Home Depot and if you've been to one, you've pretty much been to all.  I will say that the staff I encountered was very pleasant and willing to help, so kudos to them!
The salon is clean and the stylist was pleasant.But after several weeks post hair cut, I have triangle head.Sigh.I give up.
It's 24 hours.  It has a drive-thru.  And if you feel like being less healthy, it shares space with a donut shop.  Other than that, it's a pretty standard Subway.
So here's my story of how I ended up as a patient of Horizon Spine & Sport.  I was in a minor car accident a few months ago and I developed some neck and upper back pain and well, that sucked.  I ask my friends who are chiropractic aficionados who they would refer me to and I'm directed to Dr. Chuck Badger.  I can't speak personally for the other doctor at this practice as all my treatment has been provided by Dr. Badger.  Sorry Yelpers (not really sorry), but when it comes to medical professionals, you are not my first resource for research.  Perhaps more reviews like this will change that for future Yelp seekers. After a really easy initial appointment set-up with Janine (the office coordinator extraordinaire), I come in and see Dr. Badger.  They have appointments after standard business hours!  This is is super helpful for those of us that work 9a-5p, so I don't have to take time off of work for my three times per week chiropractic appointments. What I appreciated most about Dr. Badger on the initial consultation was the time taken to explain the spine and the muscles and the effects of trauma and how these could be remedied with treatment.  I am one of those patients that likes to be educated on what is going on, and I believe that an educated patient is a compliant patient.  If you tell me "because I said so", well, I'm going to tell you to kick rocks (with open-toed shoes) and seek treatment elsewhere. Initial consultation comes and goes and treatment commences!  Prior to seeing Dr. Badger, I'd never received chiropractic care so having things explained to me as they happened was greatly appreciated.  He addressed the pain and injuries caused by the car accident and he also treated pain related to your standard desk job (which was exacerbated in the car accident). On more than one occasion, I have dozed off on the table when receiving electrical muscle stimulation in my upper back, thanks to the low lights and quiet of the office. And Dr. Badger is a huge sports fan so inevitably you will see a game on the flat screen TVs (one in the lobby and one by the treatment tables) so if you don't end up napping, you can catch a few plays.  This falls in line with his practice taking care of athletes injuries, too.  After several months of successful treatment, I'm nearly discharged.  I feel significantly better than when I started treatment, and probably better than I did even before the car accident, and that's due to Dr. Badger's skill as a chiropractor.  Dr. Badger has a great manner with patients, from young to old and from athletes to car accident patients and all in between, I have only ever seen him be pleasant with all.  That pleasant demeanor is also expressed by Janine who is great in her own right.  Ever deal with nasty staff at a great doctor's office that you're hesitant to return to the great doctor because the staff is so nasty? That will never be the case here. Horizon Spine & Sport is a top-notch practice and I would recommend them to anyone seeking chiropractic care.
Very tasty food, great service, super far away, and really too expensive for what you get.  That is the summation of my experience here.The Chicky Boom and the YaYa were my sliders, and the Chicky Boom is the awesomes.  The service was great, seriously, everyone was super pleasant.  I only went here because I was on my way to Mt Charleston for the weekend and it was a pitstop, so I won't be making my way specifically out to get food here.  The worst part is that it's really too expensive for what you get.
This place is solid.  The staff is very generous with the toppings on the sandwiches (you can see the medium sub that I had and it's overflowing), and they are very pleasant when making your order.  I'm a big fan of the smokey cheddar that is served at Port of Subs and I substitute on every sandwich I've ever had, and this place was accommodating of that request too, so I definitely appreciated that.The parking in this shopping center is a bit tight as there are other food vendors right nearby, so you have a lot of foot and car traffic flowing.  I will be back for a tasty sub with some smokey cheddar, for sure.
I got my furball here back in April 2009 (said furball is in my main photo) after spending months searching for a lhasa apso or lhasa apso mix. I appreciated the website set-up and when I went to the shelter, I really appreciated how it was set up.  This was a major change from back in 2002 when I first visited this shelter when I went in to attempt at volunteering.  Back in 2002, there was no way I could even consider volunteering, and in fact, I left crying my eyes out.  When I adopted my dog back in April 2009, it was a completely different situation, and that situation was awesome.  Only thing that knocks off a star on this place is that it is, unfortunately though humanely, a kill-shelter.
I frequent this particular PT's pretty often, as it's the nearest one to my house.  But even if it weren't, I'd still come here.The first time I came here was during the last March Madness to watch the Rebels play (Go, Fight, Win!).  Sadly, the Rebels did not win the game, but hey, who knows what'll happen this season?  But I digress!  It was packed in the main bar area where the Rebel game was playing, so I meandered my way to the restaurant area to watch the game where some other team's fan had set up shop (I don't remember which one).  My friends and I were obnoxious Rebel fans here and through the yelling, we still got pretty great service, particularly considering how packed they were.That level of service is standard.  Every time I've gone since then, the servers have been attentive and friendly, and beverages and food have been received in a timely fashion.  I've been here during random weekday happy hours and early Sunday mornings to watch football (Go Cowboys!) and never a waiver from the good service.  Oh and shout-out to Becky as she's an awesome server!Also, the vibe is relaxed and fun and just overall good.  Since the place is relatively new, there's no smell of stagnant smoke lingering anywhere, and the plethora of TVs is much appreciated.  The crowd, from what I've seen, tends to be in the mid 20s to mid 40s and of the working professional bent.  I dig this place.
Quirky, off-the-beaten path, and worldly.  Yep, that's what the merchandise in this store feels to me.  I go here primarily to find foodstuffs that I can't find regularly at the grocery store (lemon curd and blood orange soda for example), and I always get distracted by all the other awesome stuff they have here.  I almost gave in and bought some furniture here, but practicality won out.  Oh!  Awesome customer service.  Seriously, everyone in this place is warm and welcoming and willing to help out.
I enjoy this place.  Given, I've only been here a handful of times, but the times I have been here, they've always been pleasant experiences.  I've come here to grab some tasty food (the fancy-pants ham & cheese, the mixed greens dressed in some vinaigrette, and the raspberry Italian soda - nom nom nom) and to visit with friends before heading out for the evening.  Y'know how sometimes you feel awkward having a meal by yourself and you default to reading a book and/or immersing yourself in the news on your smartphone?  No, just me?  Well, I didn't feel awkward here having a meal by myself.  The vibe is relaxed and unpretentious, and there's lots of stuff to take in as far as the decor goes.  And it's great for people watching, both the patrons and the people walking outside.
The sushi was warm.I didn't order baked sushi or tempura sushi either. I had to ask for a dish to mix up the wasabi and soy sauce.  Oh yeah, I ended up sick over night and into the morning after the meal with a very unhappy stomach.  I wish I could say better things about this place because I've been here before (years ago from the date of this review) and they were good.But if the expectation now is to get warm sushi that is going to make me sick, no, no thank you.
This shop failed to accurately diagnose a cracked head gasket that is now requiring a complete engine block replacement. I first brought my car to them in mid August 2011, and I've been bringing it in periodically since then, with symptoms of disappearing coolant, overheating, intermittent starting issues, all of which point to head gasket issues. They failed to diagnose this and they had several opportunities to do so! Never again will I bring a vehicle to this shop.  If you want a good Ted Wiens shop, go to the one on Blue Diamond and Arville.
The concept is awesome, the service is pleasant, the pricing is reasonable, and the product is not too shabby.  But I wasn't so impressed by the food that I will make a special trip.  Yes, tasty, but not blow your-socks-off tasty.
Bento box, bento box, bento box!  This place makes me happy with its tasty food, its quick service, it's pleasant customer service, and most of all its proximity to my house.  My favorite dish here is the garlic noodles with gyoza, the filet, and the greens salad with ginger dressing - nom nom nom. Only downside is that it's closed on Sundays.
I came here because of a Groupon deal. Discounted massage and facials? Sounds good to me.They have great hours: Saturday 9a-8p; Sunday 10a-7p; and Monday through Friday 10a-10p. The services offered involve very little people interaction. How does that work, you say? Science!There are machines here that you can essentially program to give you massage, the hydromassage machine.  You lie down fully clothed, pulses of water push up against your spine (under the protection of the bed lining) and massage from your head to your feet.  The facial options are photofacials and hydrofacials.  The photofacials are done with red and yellow light and you get to sit in this massage chair that conforms to your unique sitting position, and it massages your hands, legs, and entire spine.  It's awesome.  You can purchase product here at approximately $9 for the photofacials, for acne, wrinkle reduction, etc. There are other spa options which I haven't tried out yet, like the hydrotherapy bed (I believe that's the name) that you lie in and are sort of steam-cleaned and the toxins are pulled from your body.  I may have to get adventurous and try that another day. There's also tanning available, for those of you that tan.  I don't, so this was of no interest to me. I dig the minimal people interaction, as I'm not a big fan of strangers poking and prodding at me.  However, the customer service here is great.  Even on a crazy busy Saturday morning, I was given the tour of the location and given the run-down on how things worked.  I'll definitely be back.
I moved to the West side of the city about a year ago, and I've been taking my dog here since then.  Their hours are very accommodating for those of us that work standard Monday-Friday 9a-5p jobs, which I appreciate so I don't have to take a work day off or take a weekend day to get a vet visit in (though I will if it comes down to it!).  My dog has gone in for shots, for diagnostics when I had a minor nervous breakdown about cherry eye (I'm good now, no worries), and my dog is going in for a dental cleaning later this month.  Great vets, great staff, great hours.
What an amazing company - if you are in the market for window coverings then you should contact Lyle at Designer Window Fashions. We recently moved into a new home and the idea of finding the perfect window coverings was overwhelming. I had seen this store many times in this strip mall on Dundas and finally decided to go in and see their showroom. Small,  but it had a perfect sampling of many of the new and modern shades and window coverings that are available. I booked an appointment for an in-home consult. We did look at another company but in the end we went with Lyle as we felt comfortable with the fact that is is family run business and we were dealing with the owner himself. We were not disappointed! Blinds came in on time as promised and the installer they sent was amazing.  The gentleman that installed our blinds was neat and precise and very courteous. Don't look anywhere else - save yourself the time - their pricing was also the best!
So excited to see Panda Express open up...but very disappointed by the lack of vegetarian offerings.  Not one entree on the menu is plant friendly.  Rice and mixed veggies is an option, as is the veggie spring roll (which they were out of at 1pm today).  However, this is a bit underwhelming.
Over the years I've tried out several waxing salons and they've ranged from cheap to luxurious. The women have usually been nice and professional. A full body wax usually takes me 2-2.5hrs, it usually hurts a lot as well since I have a lot of body hair. But discovering this place was like finding the answer to question I'd been asking my whole life. Dolly is a gift, she's quick and through. I'm in and out of the place in 45 mins with less pain than I've usually experienced. The place is fairly reasonably priced as well especially for the service she provides. I can't stop talking about how awesome she is for at least a week after I get a wax from here, because the experience was simply so delightful. Waxing sucks, but with dolly it's tolerable.
Let's face it, we've all been there when you have a late flight, are tired, and all you want to do is get to your hotel room.Unfortunately for me, not only was my reservation lost, but I also was charged the same amount for a room that is about the size of a New York bathroom. Also greeting me was a long hair on the nightstand, odd blue stuff in the sink, and some small crumbs on the desk. And unfortunately asked for the cookie but didn't get that or water. We all know these things happen, just is tough when you are so exhausted. If given the choice, I would highly recommend staying elsewhere, even though the night staff did their best to do what they could!!
Well...in the beginning when they first opened, their pizza was great! But after being open for only a couple of months, they see to have begun resting on their laurels. Stopped there for 2 large pizzas last Friday (Nov. 24/17) and while it may be my fault for not checking my order before leaving, the fact remains that i did not receive the extra pepperoni & extra cheese i paid for on one of the pizzas, while the other pizza had an incorrect topping on it. The worst part is, i called once i arrived home to bring this issue to their attention (20 mins after leaving the store). After a few rings, it went to voicemail, to which i left a clear & detailed message. Yet 4 days later, i have yet to hear back from the store. Not the first time they made a mistake, but definitely the last time i'm a patron to their store.
On my last visit to Tonys I was expecting the same old staff and the same great food.  The food has remained the same, but the staff has changed a little and this is the reason for the review. I took a friend last week for lunch since we work nearby. After ordering we sat down and the food came shortly afterward.  We were satisfied with everything until some guy comes from the back to wipe off the tables and he looked like the inspiration for the "pants-on-the ground" song.  Only this was the "Italian" version of pants-on-the-ground.  I was immediately disgusted and I am seriously considering not coming back.
I have been to this restaurant several times and each time the service has been great and the food as well.  My last visit was just as expected.  The free chips and salsa came quickly and it was really good.  I had the combo burrito and enchilada. I spoke a little spanish and the waiter indulged my girlfriend and I by speaking spanish to us while not making fun of our broken spanish.  The whole experience was great and we will be back.
This place has improved so much. The people are way friendlier. They are nice and easy to talk to. Not rude at all. They are store is clean. The vegetables look fresher. I will start going to this store again.
What the....! I am not sure why this place is open. I tried to give this place a chance since they looked new (from the outside). But, it needs work on the inside. The place is dark and needs a good paint job. I ordered a "pure burrito" and got a burned burrito. I had to throw it away.  Wasted my money. Never again.
Ain't no way in the world I am going back.  My wife and I went for the first time and we both got baked chicken.  She got cabbage and I got greens.  The chicken was very dry and had very little flavor and the veggies had very little taste as well. The staff was so very friendly, which just so happened to be the best part of the whole experience.  Too bad you cant convert friendliness into great food.  So disappointed.  I wanted a place near home that could be my go-to spot.  I guess I have to keep looking.
Just so you know I did not want to make this comparison, but they made me do it!  The wife and I went yesterday to check it out and we both got the quarter chicken with two sides.  Her sides were salad and fried yuca and my sides were salad and plantains.  The yuca was fried crispy and dry and not oily at all.  The plantains were delicious and sweet.  Now for the chicken.  For the most part is was good, but I have had better at Boston Market.  My main issue was the fact that there was a portion of the chicken that was still pink and undercooked.  Some of the meat "refused" to be pulled from the bone.  The best way to tell if a chicken is well done is when the wing pulls easily from the breast meat.  The wing on my piece and her piece did not want to  pull easily from the breast meat.  In fact it did not release at all.  The part that was done tasted okay, but if I am paying it all better taste good.  You guys try it and tell me if you like it.
My girlfriend and I went to this place because we heard such good reviews. We walked in on Saturday afternoon and there were a few people there so we were seated fairly quick. Thats the highlight. The waitress took a while to get to us. I am not sure if she was the only one there but if thats the case they need to hire more people. When she finally came over we both order the scrambled eggs w/ potatoes and peppers. We thought this would fill us up. When it came out the whole thing was inside of a very small cast iron skillet. I was speechless. I decided to give it a chance and boy was I disappointed. Flavorless, and way too hot. No amount of salt or pepper would save it.  My girlfriend was still hungry so she ordered a side of potatoes.  She said they were okay, but I did not try them. I was too mad about this "culinary crime" that had been perpetrated on me.  The decor was even questionable.  I have no clue what this place is trying to be. Is it a bar, a restaurant, a lounge, an eclectic hangout for non-conformist. Whatever it is it is not for me and I will not be going back.
At first I read all the reviews on this place and I would have agreed with them if I wrote this after this store opened.  However, now that I have been there a few times and have noticed a decline I can say with confidence that I cannot go back to this place.  Last year around this same month I picked up some kosher meat and took it home to prepare it.  I opened the package and found a large metal shard embedded in the meat.  I took it back and did not go back until last week.  Last week I bought Almond Milk thinking it would be safe and the price was right.  I got it home and let it get cold over night.  The next day I opened it and began to pour it into a bowl when a very thick black hair (with the root attached) came out of it.  I was disgusted.  I poured it right back in there and took it back the next day. There are no quality checks that go on with this company and if you decide to eat anything from this place you are doing so at your own risk.   I also noticed a decline in the customer service. The last two times I have been there both cashiers were clearly angry at something. The first one threw my items across the check-out counter, and then threw them into my bag. The second cashier that rang up the hair filled milk did not even look at me.  She purposefully kept looking over and around me but never at me to acknowledge me in any way, shape, or form.I cannot recommend this place to anybody and neither should you.
Not sure why ppl like this place so much. The minute my wife and I walked in we were stared at like we just cussed out the whole restaurant. Keep in mind this was our first time there. The waitress was young and hated her job. I ordered eggplant parm. The wife had a small veggie pizza. Both if us got salads. This was quite possibly the most underwhelming meal I have ever had. The price was overwhelming. Over 36.00 is what they wanted for 10.00 worth of food. As George Bush said "fool me once shame on you, you'll never fool me again."
I went to Casablanca Cafe on Saturday (02.05.11) and walked in but nobody was there.  After a while someone walked out from the back and he said "sit anywhere", but with an attitude.  I ordered the special "Seafood Pealla Plate". However, when it came out I began to eat it and I found that I was eating the shell of the mussell.  I told the owner that there was a cracked shell in my plate with pieces throughout the plate. He shrugged his shoudlers and said that " You have to be careful with pealla".  I was floored with this response.  I explained that shells are not edible and he said "that was how we make it".  He then began to tell me the history of where pealla came from.  I told him to forget the history lesson and I will pay and go.  After paying I left and was miles away when I realized he charged me full price even though I ordered the special, which was at a discounted price.  I will NEVER go back to this place again, and I do not advise that you go either.
This place has got to be one of the worst places to take your car.  I only needed brake service done on the front brakes.  I told them that I do not need rotors and that the front brakes were squeaking.  They pulled the car into the bay then LOOKED at the car for about 10 minutes and came to the conclusion( without touching it at all) that I needed rotors on the back and new brakes.  They gave me a quote on the job and began work.  I also asked for a balance and rotation.  After they received the new rotors from across the street they promptly put them on and put the tires back on without doing the balance/rotation.  I brought it to their attention that the front brakes are what I wanted done and they restated that the front was fine since they checked it (LIE) but they still had not looked at the front brakes.  I tell them that this is not true and also that the tires have been put back on the car but the balance/rotation has not been done.  They were going to have me pay for a 40 service that I never received (potential costly LIE of OMISSION).She then tells me if I want them to check to see if there is something wrong with the front brakes it will cost an additional 50.00.  I am too livid to think straight at this point and tell her to forget it since I will be charged an extra 50 in order to have them do what I brought the car there for in the first place.  When they finally finish after about two hours the price ended up being well over 330 (another LIE) since I was not quoted anything like that.  Lastly, when I get ready to leave they hand me a broken emblem from the center of my wheel and told me that it was broke when I got there.  I had driven over 60 miles before I pulled into their parking lot and I am sure that if it was broken it would have fallen off before now.   The reason it broke is because of one of the techs was handling my car tire like it was a basket ball.  That is what broke it.  I will not use any AAA Car Care Center ever again.  I will use ANYBODY BUT AAA Car Care.  They have all but ruined the name of a very respected company.
This is the second time one of the AAA car care centers has done something to confirm why I will never use them again. My wife and I took her car in so they can charge the battery since it had a weak charge. We dropped it off and came back 4 hours later. This guy looked us in the face and said that the battery was basically dead and would not take a charge. He said he doubted that it had enough of a charge to crank. He explained that he hooked it up and could not get the battery to hold a charge. He, of course, suggested a battery from AAA. I know it was a lie because we had the battery tested twice and the second time was the day before we took it in. I  looked at him like he was crazy because he was. I told him that we would take our chances on it and that we were not buying a new battery. I took the keys and we walked out. We crunk the car up and drove off. Truly crazy.
Give the people what they want!  This place gives the people want they want and more.  So much food and it just so happens to be great food too. The staff is friendly the place is small and unassuming, clean, and welcoming. The people cooking the arroz con pollo know what they are doing. The empanadas were good too. You must try the yucca frita since they make the 3 sauces that go with it and they are all good. I will be back soon ( maybe for breakfast).
Emeril's has been bookmarked for a while so I was excited that my boss wanted to eat here.  I stayed at the MGM so it was awesome that we just had to go downstairs for dinner.  The circular bar is at the entrance of the restaurant and the bar staff was pretty friendly.  I arrived early at around 7pm and the restaurant looked about half empty so I was a little confused to why a 7pm reservation wasn't available.. weird.  The decor was nice but you could get away with jeans and a polo; the two walls enclosing the restaurant were lined with bottles of wine.For starters, we ordered the Calamari and the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp.  The calamari was tender and crispy, but nothing spectacular.  The BBQ shrimp were wild blue shrimp-- again, very tender and the BBQ sauce wasn't too heavy. http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/H5u097W2ywgDx5evASoyRQ/l.jpghttp://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/WLv7aTEh8wDr6vfY_AlvjQ/l.jpgI knew I would order a fish entree since this is a fish house, and I freaking love fish! I was torn between the pan roasted sea bass, the whole grilled Mediterranean Sea Bass, and the whole grilled American Black Bass.  Our waiter Gus was really helpful and suggested the whole grilled Mediterranean Sea Bass.  The two Bass's were market price, so I knew they would both be pretty fresh.  I was pretty shocked when the fish came out because it was a lot bigger than I had anticipated-- the bass barely fit on my plate and it literally was the whole fish!  The grilled/charred criss-crossed skin looked great (I love charr!) and the bass was Citrus and Herb stuffed with Chardonnay Agrodulce.  The whole fish was perfectly cooked-- very juicy and flakey!  The best part were the cheeks, charred skin, and the belly (i love the fatty part).  I ate it all.http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/WAbM_0y6h2Q8OLy3BKLiLQ/l.jpgThe Wine menu was huge compared to the food menu so we had to ask the sommelier to help us out.  Our table ordered all different entrees: fish, etouffee, and steak, so he suggested we go with a Pinot Noir.  We ordered a bottle of the 2010 A.P Vin.  I was surprised that the wine wasn't corked; it was a screw top which I thought was odd.  The wine was pretty fruity and paired nicely with our entrees. For Dessert, I had the Banana Cream Pie.  YUM!  I love how they use whole slices of banana instead of mashing the banana in with the filling.  The pie was garnished with caramel sauce and chocolate shavings.  The ratio of the pie was 50% banana, 50% cream, so I didn't feel too guilty about polishing it off. http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/dE08svm378CZOkRgk-Q5Fg/l.jpgI tried some of my co worker's Frozen Key Lime Mousse Pie.  If you like tart, you will love this!  The creamy part of the pie and the coconut cookies mellows out the tartness of the frozen lime.  It also comes with a Mandarin orange coulis(a pureed sauce) which helped balance out the sweet and sour-ness of the pie. http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/lLCza292bSMRstYxdqdt8Q/l.jpgI'm definitely coming back here to try the other seafood dishes!
I came here for a quick bite and a drink just before my flight back home.  Seemed like an ordinary American sports-bar type of restaurant.  It was nice out so we sat out on the patio area. I ordered the Famous Tortilla Soup and a Salad  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/steves-greenhouse-grill-phoenix?select=9SyetYbV84cEYwlIejZgSQ#CwViykSXMSxRuhxAy9G0jQ).  I don't know why the tortilla is called "famous."  It was just an ordinary tortilla soup (kind of watery and lacking in chicken flavor)-- nothing spectacular but it wasn't bad.  The salad was pretty plain: chopped iceberg lettuce.  I also ordered a margarita-- this tasted like it had a little too much margarita mix in it but it did the trick :P
YESS!  A legit,  24 hour, Pho spot in Vegas that is just a cab ride away from the strip!Me and my friends came here at 4am after a night out and we were starving!  On a scale of 1 to 10 my level of excitement was 11.  Upon entering, one thing turned me off.  The smell!!  It smelled like they've used the same old, dirty, moldy, rag to wipe down the tables for 100000 years without washing it. The whole restaurant had an old wet towel smell to it.  Regardless, I was still excited to eat. I ordered the Rare Steak and Brisket Pho  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-kim-long-las-vegas?select=9hI7mkZ4PHU7SjC5hxZqLA#Q1aVULe4TLE41w5R-r7gWg).  The broth was flavorful, refreshing, and not too oily.  The brisket and steak were perfectly cooked and tender.  They gave me a generous amount of noodles too!  Don't forget to ask for the side of sliced onions!  Maybe it's just  a Korean thing and we're trying to make ghetto-kimchi, haha.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-kim-long-las-vegas?select=9hI7mkZ4PHU7SjC5hxZqLA#osrvZk6r45zRC0stiCZ0tQ) I wouldn't recommend the chicken pho... I tried my friend's chicken pho and it just tasted like salty water-- where's the chicken flavor hmmm?
KICKASSSSS MARGARITAS!!This is THE place to go for margaritas in the area (near downtown)!  Come grab a pitcher or 4 of the Kickass Margaritas with some friends and enjoy some delicious appetizers as well!  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=2z1vI-CXPyMHEMntTszyWg&userid=F28n26ynklEioZDInyK__A) I came here with a few clients to unwind a bit after a long day of work and it was so relaxing that didn't want to leave!  We sat in the outside seating area -- cute, but full of random decor -- I thought I walked into Guadalajara, lol  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-dos-molinos-phoenix?select=mOqppqoOhfgIncilkMVGJg#_5myU5HjdcHdwvbDArXbZg) We ordered a couple appetizers/entree to share along with our margaritas:(They serve complimentary chips and salsa-- I loveee the homemade salsa, especially because it is spicy! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-dos-molinos-phoenix?select=mOqppqoOhfgIncilkMVGJg#hJpJSd1U3xGYs927JX1wJg))- Adovada Ribs: Country style pork ribs marinade in red chili, served with rice and flour tortilla.  This is SPICYYY!  If you can't handle spicy, you probably won't eat more than a couple bites of this.  I have a pretty high tolerance for spicy food and I even thought this was pretty hot.  The pork was fork tender and the homemade flour tortilla was delicious.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-dos-molinos-phoenix?select=mOqppqoOhfgIncilkMVGJg#AvtkP_Po96waiz-8dDgtUQ)- Chorizo Pizza: This too, was VERY SPICY!  Delicious, but I was for sure sweating after a few bites!  I love how the pizza is thin, and the crust is nice and crispy!  I'd say this is more like a giant tostada with a generous amount of spicy chorizo.  I would order this again!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-dos-molinos-phoenix?select=mOqppqoOhfgIncilkMVGJg#vLFuk2p51aFrxWaVH8gLpg)Cheeeeerss!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/los-dos-molinos-phoenix?select=mOqppqoOhfgIncilkMVGJg#v-Z8I01sReuCoVjK7d0R4Q)
I came here for lunch on Wednesday and it wasn't busy.  The decor was nicer than your usual sports bar and had an Italian feel to it.  There were probably 2-4 other tables being served.  The service was great-- our waitress was helpful and friendly.  We were offered a sample of the pork and cabbage soup; the soup was flavorful and the pork was really tender.The menu was pretty extensive-- salads, soups, pastas, pizza, fish, sandwiches, burgers. They had lunch specials ($7-9) along with a page of $10 specials.  I really didn't know what to order because there were so many choices!  It also made me a little nervous of which items are actually good.  I ordered the pan seared tilapia off of the $10 specials.  It came with pasta and sauteed baby spinach. I was hoping the sauce would be more clear rather than creamy, but I loved that they were generous with the capers.  The tilapia had a nice crust on it but had sort of a muddy/earthy taste to it.  I wasn't too concerned because tilapia sometimes tends to have this tastehttp://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/CrVSGXEBTklHdTOoEt1vuQ/l.jpgThe salads my co workers ordered looked pretty tasty.  The antipasta salad came with cured meats and the caesar salad came with a whole grilled chicken breast.  Another co worker ordered the wrap, but the wrap looked small with the huge pile of potato chips that came with her order.Overall, the service was great , the restaurant is clean and the food wasn't too bad.
I came here with my boss for dinner on weeknight for some tapas and it wasn't too busy-- we were seating right away at the bar. This is located in the Aria hotel downstairs and it's pretty easy to spot. The decor is very modern and trendy-- fake trees (looks like cherry blossom trees but no blossom), colorful striped wallpaper, and the walls are all made out of glass.-  Imported Spanish "Pata Negra" ham ("the most delicious ham in the world"): slices of beautiful pata negra, served with toasted bread and garlic tomato sauce. WOW. Im glad I got to try this! Wayy better than any other cured meats i've tried! A bit pricey for 10 small slices but definitely worth it!- Olives: The assortment of olives was a good choice! All super fresh and nice to nibble on while we enjoyed the other plates and drinks. - Cheese Platter: Cana de cabra (soft goat's milk), one year old manchego (sheep's milk), Cabrales (cow's milk), La Serena (soft sheep's milk), and some sweet pasty looking thing that tasted like dried figs. Served with toasted bread. Great selection of cheese for the platter-- there was a soft cheese, mild cheese, a more pungent cheese, and a dense cheese. The sweet fig paste paired nicely with the saltier cheeses- Spanish Tortilla: Not your typical flat sheet of tortilla! This one is at least 2 inches thick, soft, and made out of potatoes, onions, and eggs. You can taste the soft chunks of potatos an egg-- very tasty and savory.- Sauteed Foie Gras: I HAD to order foie gras since I wasn't in CA. A slice of foie with a sauce that tasted like balsamic vinaigrette, served on toast and chickpea mash. I wish the slice of foie was bigger, but all 2 bites were amazing! Super rich and creamy. - Santiago's cake: A slice of almond cake, turron ice cream. This wasn't as memorable as the other dishes but the cake was super moist and the ice cream paired well with the cake (turron is an ice cream made with almonds).Nice place to grab some BOMB Spanish Tapas if you're staying at Aria/Vdara!
I came here with some clients for dinner while I was traveling out in Phoenix.  It was nice that we were able to walk just a couple blocks down to the restaurant from our hotel downtown. The restaurant was your ordinary, upscale (not super fancy shmancy), American steakhouse type restaurant. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kincaids-phoenix#XlxHWFp2Ggr74JU6ligrBg)First thing I did was order my glass of vino (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kincaids-phoenix#0ZYLhpieoAPSeolGXzoTsw)For starters, we shared the WARM BRIE with Macadamia Nut Crust-- THIS WAS MY FAVORITE!  The Brie was smooth, creamy, and warm.  It is served with orange blossom honey, sliced apple, balsamic reduction, and fruit compote.  The brie topped with the sweetness from the honey and apples, all on a toasted baguette... Perfection!!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kincaids-phoenix#DYiGgnpNMy9x6FIOIRRDaQ)I wasn't too hungry so I ordered the French Onion Soup (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kincaids-phoenix#r-SOD-C2SGVl9T5Q7C35bw) and the Mixed Greens with Maple Vinaigrette (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kincaids-phoenix#Ru22uO0cPVVYn_kWHT_tSw).  The French Onion Soup had that perfect layer of melted mozzarella, oozing over the side of the bowl.  The soup wasn't too salty at all, which I loved.  The salad was refreshing and surprisingly, the dressing wasn't too sweet.  It tasted great with the toasted pecans and sliced pear.
I attended the NIGA Tradeshow that was held in the Phoenix Convention Center.  This is probably one of the nicer convention centers I've been to.  I had a nice view of the convention center from my hotel room (Hilton), so that was nice. The first thing you will see upon entry is a huge vanity-type-mirror artwork.  When you look into the mirror, you will see the message in the reflection "Art is a guaranty of sanity."  This is a piece by Louise Bourgeois that is on display, which makes you kind of appreciate the place a little more.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/phoenix-convention-center-phoenix?selected=DHqCXVeOkQ10hZlfGnZEEA#Afm2P3gHRIHnjjjQqJJgJw)The convention rooms downstairs are huge!  It reminded me of the ballrooms available in hotels but much larger.  The staff seemed organized and the tradeshow went smoothly :]
Cute, delicious desserts as well as salads, paninis, and sandwiches!The desserts look way better than the savory food, but still delicious. The display tempts you to want to order everything!Located in the Aria/Vdara hotel near the casino-- a bit pricey ($12-15 for a salad/panini) but it's vegas, so I won't complainI stayed at Aria for my most recent visit, so I came here for breakfast and lunch every day, haha. I wanted the breakfast panini but they were sold out, so I ordered the ham & cheese croissant-- more like a sandwich, but the croissant was very buttery, flakey, and soft. The cheese was perfectly melted! Asian salad was good, and had a nice serving of shrimp.Prosciutto Panini: fresh ingredients, delicious prosciutto
HAKKAWHAAAAT!  I came here with my girls the night after they opened (April 19) and we were super excited to check out the new club everyone has been hyping up.  My first impression upon entry was that it reminded me of Marquee's layout -- the stairs, stage/dance floor layout, and tables.  Unlike Marquee, there seemed to be more tables located near the back of the club, as well as some standing room.  But I do not recall there being an outside patio.  I feel like your experience here (as well as at any club in Vegas) depends on the DJ, who you're with, if you have a table, and if you're on a good level.  Hardwell was performing the night we went (YES!), I was with a good group of girlfriends (YES!), we had a table (YES!), and we were all on a great level (YES!).  We had Dom in one hand, light-up baton in the other, and danced the night away  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hakkasan-las-vegas-nightclub-las-vegas-2?select=TlKuPAyQGHWSyHKAWlenig#JLdHcSRynz3EI7ZnGO3QxA).  In conclusion, we did have an amazing time, haha.  We did try going on the dance floor but it was soooo packed!  People bumping into me left and right, it felt like I was dancing with 20 people at once.Overall, Hakkasan was good, but not mind-blowing.  I was expecting something totally new but this club will be pretty crackin since they've got all the sick DJs!!
My VEGAN friend was super ecstatic about trying this spot because Stephen Wynn is a vegan, and makes sure to cater to his vegan diners by including several delicious vegan items on the menu.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/society-cafe-encore-las-vegas-5?selected=ioydFITdh8ro4athiyFpmg#P0Bs-nU3tTYV5llJ6LfRVA)Me and my friends came here for a dinner on a Sunday night and it wasn't too busy-- we were seated right away.  Our server was friendly but our food took a little longer than expected, considering that it wasn't too busy.  Although my hungover-ness may have lowered my level of patience.  I usually don't eat the complimentary breads but the pretzel bread sticks were pretty good!  Warm, soft, and it was served with a soft butter sauce. I ordered the Sirloin Burger w/ Bacon, Mushroom, Swiss, and a Fried Egg  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/society-cafe-encore-las-vegas-5?selected=ioydFITdh8ro4athiyFpmg#xOPsNVMYXtsQH4KmFRHcrg).  It was an average burger-- I wish the burger patty had more flavor; it was just a big boring patty.   I ended up just picking at the burger and ate the mushrooms, bacon, and egg.  The price was decent: $15 and $1 extra to add an item.  $3 to add a fried egg is a little too much, don't cha think?
My visit to Oscar's was my first time in the old town Las Vegas.  The restaurant seated us at one of the window seats in their ovular shaped dining room.  We were able to gaze out the window at how different everything looked compared to the main Las Vegas Strip.  The decor was definitely old school-- it felt like I went back into time to the 80's. We came here for Prime Rib.  We all went with the Bone-in PRIME RIB Special, and we were not disappointed.  The prime rib is HUGE!  I shared this with one of my girl friends and we couldn't even finish.  The meat was super tender, juicy, and the crust was nicely seasoned (I love this part of the meat!).  There was just the right amount of au jus on the prime rib, and was served with a creamy horseradish sauce.  For the size and quality, I'd say this is a great deal!We shared a few sides as well: Lobster Mashed Potatoes, Creamed Spinach, and Sweet Potato with a Jalapeno Butter sauce.  My favorite side was the lobster mashed potatoes, but I wish there were bigger chunks of lobster in it in stead of shredded pieces.  The creamed spinach was good, but there was nothing special about it.  The sweet potatoes weren't very tasty.. it's pretty much 3 gigantic sweet potato fries, served with some sweet/watery sauce.  It did not taste like buttery nor jalapeno-- I wouldn't recommend this side. If you ever visit old town Vegas, be sure to stop by Oscars for some Prime Rib!
I checked in on Tuesday and it wasn't too busy-- we were able to check in without waiting in line for more than a few minutes.I stayed in a single room and it was pretty nice.  MGM has definitely upgraded since I stayed here a few years ago.  I remember that the blinds and curtains had to be opened/closed manually so I was happy to see this change.  I was happy with everything about the room except for two things:1.  It took me a while to find the light switch.  There is a switch for the small hallway when you enter, and then you have to turn on each of the 3 lamps around the room.  I wish there was just one switch on the wall to turn on/off the lights.  2.  The cable connection kept getting disconnected!!  I stayed up until about 4am watching tv and the cable turned off at least 4 times!  The cable was off for just a couple of minutes but it was pretty annoying.  I usually don't watch tv while I'm in Vegas, but the one time I do it sucked, haha. Despite these 2 things, I did like that MGM had a casino downstairs with tables starting at $15 for blackjack.. although I did not do well this trip, haha.
"Bare" Pool Lounge....we should have known this was a topless day club just from the name, lol.Me and my girls were looking for a place to chill on a couple drinks and snacks before our flight and these two employees at a nearby froyo shop suggested Bare Pool Lounge-- they also gave us each a couple complimentary drink tickets-- so why not? Located at the Mirage, we walked down a relatively long, narrow, garden pathway to the entrance of the pool.  We still had no idea that this may be an "adult " pool lounge bahaha..  This pool lounge is smaller than Marquee/EBC/Wet Republic, but it was pretty decent.  There is one bar, one main pool in the center, and small tubs located in the back near the DJ.There was no line (this was on a Monday) and we were able to order our drinks without waiting either.  The bar area isn't too big and there isn't much seating unless you have a reserved table/cabana.  We were lucky enough to grab one of the two side bar tables to chill and snack.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bare-pool-lounge-las-vegas?select=C2KoGYJaEN7OyxKtODNyyQ#CWI2KPO-IoYDrpaElyw_UA)  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bare-pool-lounge-las-vegas?select=C2KoGYJaEN7OyxKtODNyyQ#GDStYO-ZKr0irVLESxqbkQ)  We had a nice time here before our flight-- I also liked how they played hip-hop.. a nice change from the unce unce unce all weekend :]
This was my first time having tapas and I am definitely coming here again the next time I'm in vegas! Not too pricey either. It's good to go with some friends and order a bunch of plates to share! The shrimp and filet mignon skewers were to succulent, flavorful, and very well cooked.. I'm salivating as I yelp! Check this place out for sure!
This looked like a decent place for lunch, plus it was walking distance from my hotel.  I wanted to grab a quick lunch without waiting for a table so I decided to eat at the bar. There was only one person working behind the bar so the service was  a bit slow.  I ordered an iced tea and the Chopped Salmon Salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-arrogant-butcher-phoenix?selected=btFQyXf2UcCAS_X5F5zHeg#OIWtDNNlHFG-m1lmJaEztQ).  I was expecting a warm, juicy, piece of salmon on a bed of Kale, but the salmon was actually cold and smoked.  The salmon was on the saltier side, and I wish the menu let you know the salmon is smoked in the description.  The salad was made with kale, cauliflower, currants, almonds, and champagne vinaigrette.  The salad was okay, but the dressing was a bit overpowering in my opinion.  Overall, it was a salty salad with salty salmon.  I should have gone with the braised short rib stew..
Super excited to try another restaurant by Mario Batali!We were a little early for our reservations so we ordered a drink at the bar seating area while we waited. I ordered a Hen n coke as usual, but this bar is super top shelf! The "cheapest" Hennessy they had was XO, not even VSOP lol. I would have ordered something else if I knew it would be $45 -____-. I came here with my boss and co-worker for dinner and we all chose one of the tasting menus. I went with the "Whole Hog" Pasta Tasting Menu with the Riserva Wine Pairing - a 7 course meal, each with a different wine! Each dish highlighted a different part of the pig with a different type of homemade pasta. ($105 per person plus $115 per person for the Riserva wine pairing-- $75 for the regular wine pairing)Our server was super helpful and explained each dish, as well as the wine pairing. Service was superb and speedy. - Complimentary Chickpea Bruschetta: Seasoned chickpeas topped on toast-- good but not as good as what we were about to feast on!- Minestrine di Torrellini: A nice start to the meal, super flavorful broth! (paired with a 2009 La Mozza)- Pizzoccheri with Roasted Pork Shank: Flat and wide squid ink pasta with a light sauce-- the pieces of pork shank were super tender and succulent. (Paired with a 2008 Sicilian wine - Etna Piosso)- Pork Raviollini with Roasted Flamme Tomato Passato: The tomato sauce was bursting with flavor! I could tell that the sauce was made with super ripe and fresh tomatoes and tasted great with the tender pork.  (Paired with a 2007 Monti Garbi)- Fettuccine with Norcinio Ragu Pork: A lighter, opaque sauce and fettuccine with pieces of the pork's kidney, liver, and heart. You really do get to taste various parts of the pig-- I couldn't tell what each piece was but they were all tasty. (Paired with a 2008 Rubbjano).** I was already pretty full and buzzed at this point, so don't let the small servings fool you! **- Black Spaghetti with 'Nduja and Sicilian Pesto: 'Nduja is a spicy, spreadable sausage that is made of different parts of the pig (shoulder, belly, jowl, tripe, spice mixture). The pasta was a little too spicy for me but still killed it (silician pesto contains red pepper). I love the texture of the squid ink pasta because it adds a different, more firm texture. (Paired with a 2007 Cannonau di Sardegna)- Pear Sorbetto: OMG the best pear sorbet I've ever had! My first bite tasted like I took a bite out of the sweetest, ripest, asian pear! Super light and refreshing, which was amazing after having the spicy spaghetti prior. (Paired with a 2010 Dindarello)- Chocolate Budino with Huckleberry Sauce: It kind of looks like a souffle but it's actually a creamy custard/pudding. Super moist, fluffy, and not too sweet! The huckleberry sauce tasted amazing with the dessert.  ** Literally felt like I was going to explode at this point **- Then the server brings out a complimentary assortment of mini dessert cookies along with a shot of a super sweet dessert liquor. A bit too sweet for my liking, but we appreciated it! Overall, a wonderful dining experience with great service! I gotta come back here to try items on the regular menu.
The hotel lobby was nice-- the light fixtures and the wall panels were very pretty (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hyatt-regency-phoenix-phoenix?selected=-p6br-vbUAbf3mbZfHvw3w#-p6br-vbUAbf3mbZfHvw3w). I was expecting my room to look nicer since the lobby looked pretty modern.  I actually had a painting missing from my wall (only the nails were left) and called to let them know, lol.  I had a nice view of the Phoenix Convention Center from my room, but it does get loud at night from the bars located right below the hotel-- kept me up past 2am!  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hyatt-regency-phoenix-phoenix#5QB8vq5h43yY2IY66_2ZnA)One more thing that surprised me was that the wi-fi in your room is not complimentary.  There is a charge of $10 per day...
Yay, I finally get to cross "Lobster Me" off my list of spots to try on the strip!  It's located conveniently next door to Fat Tuesdays, so this could be a good place to grab a bite before those icey dranks.The Seafarer Lobster Roll (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-las-vegas?select=k8BD5TlnoDu7V5nB5-ra5A#cV_H97p1lnoZOclyl1LJ1g) caught my eye because it had some veggies mixed in with the lobster.  (Lobster and seafood salad with mayo, cucumber, celery and green onion).  I like how the roll is buttered and toasted, but I wish there was more lobster in the roll! I was expecting big chunks of lobster but instead got minced pieces of lobster.  I'll definitely get a bigger roll next and share a few items with some friends. Altogether, it was alright-- not sure if i will ever be craving this though.
For the LOVE of FOIE!!I knew I had to make a trip to out Bachi Burger the next time I was in Las Vegas when I heard about the Shogun Burger!I could tell that this restaurant was not your ordinary burger joint after taking one glance at the menu.  This is one of the more modern restaurants that serve types of burgers you would not typically find at your local burger joint.  Bachi Burger offers various Japanese-inspired burgers, dishes, and sides. The SHOGUN BURGER consists of Wagyyu Beef & Unagi, Pan Seared Foie Gras, Poached Asian Pear, Miso Butter, and Yamamomo Peach  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=Xc_YmEWXC7Rmv-9fncsOGA#Xc_YmEWXC7Rmv-9fncsOGA).  To be honest, my first bite was a little overwhelming from all the different flavors going on, lol.  But all the flavors melded together perfectly.  The wagyu beef was tender, juicy, and cooked to perfection.  The sweetness and tender poached Asian pear.  The rich, pan seared, slice of foie gras.  All of this, drizzled in miso butter, topped with arugula, in between a home made sweet bun  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=W9bCuQYgNjg2W-Fb2BBDkw#W9bCuQYgNjg2W-Fb2BBDkw).  Foie is already very rich to begin with, so I was not able to finish this burger in one sitting-- especially since we ordered sides as well.I tried some of my friend's CRUSTy CRAB Burger, but the burger was too salty for my liking.  It was difficult to taste all the flavors and ingredients in the burger but it wasn't too bad.  (Crab cake burger with mango chutney and tartar sauce).  The concept of making a "Spongebob-type" burger is cute though.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=JHZOUMJ4_JqyKjvo6aHHzg#JHZOUMJ4_JqyKjvo6aHHzg).  The SWEET POTATO FRIES were fresh, crispy, lightly salted, and served with a Yuzu Citrus Aioli dipping sauce  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bachi-burger-las-vegas?select=xgwqimbyTmxJTnzr7bRITg#xgwqimbyTmxJTnzr7bRITg).  If you are  afan of sweet potato fries, you will not be disappointed!The TRUFFLE PARMESAN FRIES were delicious.  Made with fresh cut potatos, tossed in white truffle oil, parmesan reggiano, porcini cream, served with sun dried tomato aioli  (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=QgvNAbzuAF7sNnz7TpFy0g&userid=F28n26ynklEioZDInyK__A).  If I weren't so full I would have ordered a few more items on the menu that made my mouth water:  the Peking Style Duck Steamed buns, Pork Belly Steamed Buns,  and Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries.  But that's just a few more reasons to come back! Woohoo!
Aria is one of the relatively new hotels and the rooms here are definitely very modern and high tech.  The bathroom was sleek and the counters/shower walls were all granite-- the shower and bathtub are connected and share the same door.  The toilet was in the same room but had its own door which was nice. I would have given Aria 4 stars if they actually gave me the room I wanted.  I made a reservation more than a month before my arrival and I wanted one Non-Smoking room with one King size bed.  But no, I got a Smoking room with 2 queen size beds.  I didn't mind the 2 queens but I don't smoke (and hate the smell), so I didn't appreciate that they didn't have the Non-Smoking room that I had reserved.  Pros:- Upgraded/modern- Restaurants here are great (Julian Serrano and Jean Phillipes Cons:- On the end of the strip, so you need a cab to go anywhere- No casino- Confusing--there are multiple entrances and taxi lines
I came here for a late lunch on Tuesday with my work so it wasn't busy.  PT's is the first bar/restaurant I've been to off of the Las Vegas strip, so it was nice to see another side of Vegas.  Initially, PT's reminded me of BJ's except that PT's has a separate dining room/section from the bar and slot machines. They serve American foods: salads, burgers, sandwiches, wraps, wings, pizza, fried chicken.  I noticed that they also serve BUCKETS of sliders, haha.  Must get that next time... I ordered the bbq chicken salad.  I liked that they used mixed greens and mixed the bbq/ranch dressing into the salad for you rather then having it on the side.  The grilled chicken was pretty dry so I probably won't order this again.  My boss ordered the bbq chicken salad as well but he had them serve it in a wrap, which I would suggest because it comes with a side of fries. Someone else ordered a burger, which looked pretty tasty.I've heard some good things about their happy hour, so I'll probably come back during those hours the next time I'm in the area.
I've never had a bad experience at the McCarran Airport.  The lines are relatively quick and efficient, the wifi is free, there are slot machines, and you can drink in the terminals (wooo Vegas!)I was surprised that there's only one bar in the terminals since it is Vegas (Jose Cuervos Tequileria). I wish there were more charging stations/tables/outlets available.  I've never seen a spot at the charging station so I always end up at a restaurant to use my laptop.  Overall, I've never had a bad experience at this airport... I'm sure the alcohol helped :]
What era is this?That was my first thought as I stepped into this restaurant.  Mirrored ceilings, velvet upholstered chairs, cheetah print fabric -- it was like I was in the 80's or in the movie "Scarface."  The place was pretty quiet and the atmosphere would be good for maybe a birthday or a graduation dinner. I came here with some clients for dinner (on a weeknight) while we were in Phoenix.  There were 2 or 3 other tables here that night; not very busy.   The menu had a good selection of various Italian dishes: pastas, seafood, chicken, veal, pork, etc. For starters, we all shared the Calamari (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#KrxhHm5bvPqPTmXfpO2rjA) and the Escargot De Bourhohne (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#_lPAyaWEzQ9QK92_i6trfA).  The Calamari was delicious!  The batter was light and crisp, and the squid was pretty tender.  The Escargot was cooked in garlic butter and brandy wine, which gave it some nice flavors.  It was a little chewy, but it pretty much tasted like a clam. We all shared a bottle of the 2010 Markham Merlot (Napa Valley) -- this had a nutty, vanilla, woodsy flavor.  We all ordered seafood so it paired nicely with our dishes.  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#ofGN_r7-hk5EeZkx8W0h1g)For my main dish, I went with one of the specials offered that night, the Squid Ink Ciopinno (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#RCrj3Z_O7IyIUIVA6r5bTg).  This seemed more like a pasta rather than a ciopinno in my opinion.  What I love the most about ciopinno is that savory, rich, seafood broth.  This one didn't have any broth, it was more like a tomato sauce.  Although this dish did include a generous amount of seafood (mussels, shrimp, scallop), it didn't taste very fresh and had a rubbery texture. A few people at my table ordered the Dover Sole special that was available that night  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#9eQoEjUq1Ayiw6iKw4H5dg_.  This fish was fried whole, and then your server removes the fillet from the head/tail right before he served you.  Someone else ordered the Dover Sole dish that was available on the dinner menu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#RFHGeb_vykwNYJeIQv_fDA).  She did not seem to enjoy this very much.  I had a taste of it and it had a murky/mushy taste and texture to it.  The sauce was very buttery-- I prefer the fried Dover over this one.Dessert was okayyy.  I ordered the Spumoni  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#RlDB83kUQaeOOU-6EItG8A).  It looks like a vanilla turd, lol.  The texture of the ice cream tasted like those ice cream cups you'd get in elementary school-- icee, not creamy, and dirzzled with some Hershey's chocolate syrup.. what a disappointment.  The sorbet was a lot better than the Spumoni and was a refreshing palate cleanser (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#3go2OFhMl_zK2GETMSYJjg).  The Tiramisu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/avanti-phoenix?select=ZZCRKeBcrFxbb4fZyaKsWw#pOWH0I8A7J4-UFByf4FR_A) was average.. not great and not bad. In my opinion, the prices here are super steep, especially for most of the dishes we orderded.  Service-wise, we were welcomed upon entrance and our server was very attentive... but only in the beginning of the meal.  It took us forever to get our check.
I had 2 and a half hours to kill so I'm glad that the airport had a bar with draft beer.  The food didn't look too great-- the person next to me was eating tacos but it had a weird smell to it.. like old meat.  I'm glad I wasn't hungry.. haha.  I sat at the bar, which was pretty full and ordered a few Draft Stella's.  The beer was good and the bartender was nice.  He informed me that we are allowed to walk around with our beers in the airport terminal which was awesome.  I had the bartender put my last beer in a plastic cup so I could walk around.  Each beer was about $9, kinda pricey but it's an airport so I wasn't trippin.
If you like great sushi for good prices, go to Tokyo Lobby! Trust me, you won't be disappointed. The fish is fresh, every roll is made with attentive care, and the service is fast! The $5 sake bomber special is definitely something you shouldn't miss out on either. The atmosphere is cozy due to the dim lighting, and they play the 80's station for all those oldies but goodies. I could never get tired of Tokyo Lobby!
DO NOT BUY LOREX. It might seem like a good deal with 15% discount, free shipping, and a 90 day no questions ask return policy.  It is BS!  I purchased a wireless security system from their website.  When I installed everything, I lost my internet connections on my PC.  I thought it was my internet provider.  But as soon as I un installed everything, my internet started working again.  So, I repacked everything, went online to return the system to Lorex. Needed an RMA number to return.  Never got one.  Went on their chat line three times.  All they do is write up a ticket.  After one month of trying to get an RMA number from Lorex, I filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau.  Lorex responded and give me the an RMA number and address to return the system.  So, my advice to all is to file a complaint with the BBB if you need Lorex to respond.  I will update when I get my refund back.  Cross your fingers!Received refund 8/28. The whole return process started in early July.  So, it took two months to finally get my refund.
Looks stupid. That's not art. What were they thinking. A kindergartener could do better.
This is a great place to go for an outing with friends. The service is amazing, waiters and managers were so sweet and offered free desert when there wasn't any short ribs left. The patio is really nice, but we opted to sit inside. The food is good. Ordered the candy salad and vegetarian flat bread. 5/5
Food is plain with very little flavour. Salt and hot sauce did nada. Not worth the price. My friends and I got the Miso soup, Moroccan  Pad Thai and mushroom clay pot dish. The Miso soup was watered down. The pad Thai was plain with spices that did not complement each other! The clay pot was not bad. Nonetheless, not worth the price! As a vegetarian, I was very excited to go to this place because the ratings were great.
The food is amazing. As a vegetarian, I would recommend:Mac and cheese and the French toastThe veggie burger is bad. The service is 4/5.
Short Story: Rude waiter, decent food Long Story: I decided to come on a Friday night for dinner with a couple of friends. We came as walk-in and were told the wait was an hour. They texted us in 30 mins saying the table was ready. We got a nice booth. The ambience was nice, intimate and upbeat. I was feeling optimistic about my night, as I was excited about coming here for a long time. The food was sub par. As a vegetarian there were slim to non options, ordered the veggie burger which was nothing special. The truffle fries were amazing! Highly recommend. The waitress (let's just say her name started with a M like Hannah ... ). She was really nice at first! However, once we asked for separate bills, her attitude completely changed. She stated that asking for separate bills was "too much" and gave us a "warning". Really?! What waiter says that to their customers?? TIP PAYING CUSTOMERS!!! Next when we decided to pay for the bill, she forced my friend to choose the tip % options or "numbers on the screen", basically forcing to pay a high tip which frankly she did not even deserve! She didn't even spilt the appetizers and dessert that my friends and I shared. Lastly, she forgot to bring requested salt to the pasta. Thank you Montana for making our night! We will definitely come again and recommend you as a server to all our friends. ;)
This was one of the worst dining experience I have had in a long time. At the prices they are charging, and considering that there are LOTS of other very good restaurants in downtown Cleveland, I was very disappointed in the the quality and taste of the food. My husband ordered the roasted garlic boston strip and I had the lobster macaroni. The marinade they used on the steak was disgusting. The mashed potatoes they served with the steak was tasteless and the texture was telling that the mashed potatoes came straight out of the box. The lobster macaroni was flavorless. The sauce was kind of watery and very bland. It needed more seasoning like salt. If I could give it zero stars I would. I will never go there again and I would not recommend this place to anyone I know.
I've eaten at a few Applebee's before and I can't say the food or service was bad. With this location, the question is, how long do you have to wait for your meal? ( esp. when the place is half empty) After 15 minutes maybe the server could say your meal will be here soon or would you care for some tortilla chips while you're waiting? After 20 minutes, still nothing......25 minutes ...no food, no response from the server.At 30 minutes, sorry Applebee's .... You've been Chopped! I'm out of here.
Came here about 20 minutes from closing. The guy who took our order couldn't have been nicer. You'd think we were the first customers in the day; friendly, made a great sandwich (love the French Bread they use) The restaurant was spotless, btw. Keep up the good work!
I recently visited Wannaburger and have made a few notes to myself to improve my next visit that I've seen fit to share here so that other diners may not make the same mistakes as I did.As someone baffled by burger culture I ordered the Portobello mushroom burger and a pickle on the side and it was all very good. But here's how it could have been better:1) Remember to ask for the free dips. They keep a super-tasty relish under wraps behind the counter. It's free but you must ask!2) Pickles! Get 2 pickles! 1 pickle will just leave you wanting another in my experience and at a mere 30p a pop you may as well. 3) Specify very clearly which extras you want in your burger. I asked for a fried onion but may not have been clear enough about this as I couldn't find mine. 4) STUDENT DISCOUNT. Don't forget to ask for it!5) I found my Jalapenos a bit too hot an addition to my burger so next time I would go without. 6) Maybe consider ordering onion rings on the side, don't want to risk missing out on the fried onion. 7) The bottomless drinks are always worth it, particularly if you have a penchant for sitting a long time in comfy booths, watching baseball and enjoying the strangely Japanese-American feel of the restaurant. Wannaburger is great, but it is most fun when you are with some great pals! I only went because my friends like fast food (I do not) but it was an enjoyable experience all round!
The food at Nando's is so great and so healthy, I feel like I've visited a spa after I've stuffed my face there. This is the best Nando's in Edinburgh. I have been to all the others but the atmosphere at this Nando's is just so much better, comfy booths, not too noisy; just a really chill lay-out in general!Here's how to order;Half a chicken (anything less and you'll just be eyeing other people's food) with Mango and Lime (you can add the spicy sauces yourself if, like me, you like to be in complete control of the spice level).Side of corn on the cob and remember to ASK FOR BUTTER. This is important.Side of Macho Peas; very scrummy, with a great minty flavour. Sauces; Garlic Peri Peri and Wild Herb Peri Peri. These are the best sauces, remember to stock your table with them before your food arrives. I go for a 60/40 blend of the two. Bottomless soda.Remember to pre-stock your table with napkins and salt also as you don't want to be getting up all the time. It's very important to go to Nando's with some really good pals as you will all see each other eating in a fairly disgusting and visceral manner. I probably wouldn't come here on a  date unless my date sat on a different table. Hope this is useful advice!
I feel like a discovered a real gem with Einstein Bros Bagels in Bloomfield. The staff are some of the coolest nicest people I've ever encountered at establishments of this type. They made me feel really welcome. The coffee is self-service and there's fast free wifi. It's a great place to hang out while you're waiting for your film to be processed at the nearby CVS. What I like most about it is the kind of 'motorway service stop' vibe at Einstein Bros, particularly in the decor and music choices. I feel like I'm an adventurer, Kerouacan beatnik or lone-ranging truck driver while I chow down here. I will definitely be back.
Best burgers in town. Try the Bison or Kobe. Great service too. Bob was our server. A true professional. Everything was excellent. Sweet potato fries were also awesome...You wont be leaving hungry. Huge burgers and very tasty!
I went back to this place last night after writing this review and the restaurant reached out to me to apologize for their service. Mike has since taken over as a manager and they have done a lot of changes there. He came over and apologized for my last visit and we did have a great experience there. So j would recommend going back to this place because their food is really good and they have taken steps to improve their service. You can see my previous visit below that they made up for. I'm not one to usually post a bad review but we come here pretty often for dinner because we really enjoy their food, but tonight was our worst experience we have had at this place. When we received our water it was served to us in plastic cups with no ice for dinner at 9:30pm. When we asked the manager she told us it was because they can't have people stealing their glassware with the night crowd. Didn't know we looked like we were going to steal anything, especially since we were sitting down for dinner and the two tables that sat down behind us got regular glassware. Then I asked for a margarita, which was served water down horribly and wit no salt which he ran off before he could even ask me if I wanted it. Then out meal came out before our table side guacamole which I server was serving himself. Not to mention he have it to us without chips or anything. I guess you are supposed to eat it with a fork. Then it took forever to find our server again just to get out of the place. Never felt so unwanted in a restaurant before. Even the manager didn't care. Stood up for her terrible server who had a terrible attitude the whole time. Sad to say it will be a while before we go there again.  Might sit at the bar next time. At least there you always have someone in front of you and they give good service.
Do you remember that scene from Clerks where Randal arrives at Big Choice Video and falls to his knees in gratitude and amazement? That's how I felt when I found this brand-new GetGo. To call it a convenience store would be an utter disservice to a 24-hour sandwich shop with wifi-enabled caf.They even have computerized milkshake-stirring machines. No, I'm not kidding, you use a touchscreen to tell the milkshake-robot how thick you like it. Just you wait until that technology gets to the adult toy industry.My ex-yinzer wife sent me in -- poor little ole me, a Florida boy who's spent his life in the Shallow South (that's Miami, Tampa, and Atlanta, far from the sticks) -- to get Snyder's chips and iced tea in a paper container. First of all, I didn't know the H in Snyder's was invisible, so I failed to pronounce it like Schneider's. Oops. Second of all, GetGo doesn't sell Snyder's chips, they sell Giant Eagle chips. Oops. And they don't sell carton tea, either. Oops.You ready to hear what these nice folks did? The manager handed me a bag of Giant Eagle brand chips AND a fountain iced tea for my wife FOR FREE.mfw: lolwut.gif.Well, you better believe I went back to a GetGo the next time I needed a drink. And I discovered a cookie-marshmallow sandwich my ex-yinzer wife calls "gobbers".Excuse me, my pancreas is trying to strangle me from the inside.
What can be said of Primanti Bros. (pronounced "Primanny's") that hasn't been said already in other locations?  This suburban location fills up fast on game nights, offering beer specials and dollar pizza slices.  Even during the day, you'll find it a welcoming place to sit down on the pew-like booth benches, order a sandwich with hot fries and cold tangy slaw inside the rich, substantial slices of bread, and wash it down with an Iron City draft.For those who have never visited Primanti's before:1. Don't ask for the fries on the side.  They might oblige, but you're missing out.2. Don't ask for the slaw on the side.  See item 1 above.  (Though I love a $1.50 side of slaw; it's a light, vinegar-style slaw bursting with crunchy wisps of thread-thin cabbage.)3. If you're wondering why the menu advertises a "#2 best seller" but doesn't mention the #1 best seller, have a beer and think about it.  They'll tell you if you ask, but it's more fun to figure it out on your own.4. Don't ask for a plate.  Your sandwich will be delivered on wax paper in a paper basket.  If you want something fancier than that, you're in the wrong place.
Eat'n Park is known for their "Smiley" cookie (like a chewy black-and-white sugar cookie, but white, with a smiley face drawn in icing).  My wife insisted on going to Eat'n Park on our trip to Pittsburgh.  But she hates the Smiley cookie.  What drew her was the strawberry pie.The pie itself merits four stars.  It's inexpensive ($2.99, and a whole pie is less than $10) and bursting with fresh, huge berries.Fried zucchini ($5-6) is listed as an appetizer, but is enough for a meal, and comes from a local farm in Butler.  The freshness really shows in the taste.  It's breaded with a cornmeal batter, which produced some really tragic consequences for me an hour later.  90 minutes after that, however, I no longer regretted eating the fried zucchini.  Yes, it was that good.  I wouldn't do it again, mind you, but in retrospect, it was worth it.
This is a guest review from my wife Jodi, who grew up within walking distance of the Little Pink Doughnut Shop and came here often on her way to school and on weekends."Best doughnuts created by man.  I'm totally thinking about flapping my wings up to Pittsburgh right now at 2am to get some donuts.  Super-delicious.They usually only have doughnuts until about 8 in the morning and they are SO DELICIOUS!  I used to get my lazy ass up at 6am to walk here and get some doughnuts, which is saying something because I like to sleep until 1pm.  I'd be like, 'Oh, it's a day ending in Y, I need to get my ass to the little pink doughnut shop.'The doughnuts are so good I got the school bus driver to stop.  I offered to buy him one if he'd just stop long enough for me to go in, and he totally did.Go get some! Why are you still reading?"
You can save a lot of money here over the cost of renting from the Avis at the airport. Just hop on the 28X bus and let it take you to the first downtown stop.I ran into an issue which the staff were quick to solve. I have only a debit card, and I had only enough money on it to cover the cost of the rental (since the insurance was prepaid). Avis needed to authorize a $200 deposit in addition to the rental, and while I had that much cash, they don't take cash. My wife had more on her own debit card, but she doesn't drive, so they couldn't rent the car to her. After a few minutes of stress, the staff suggested that we shorten the rental to 1 day, charge that (and the deposit) to my debit card, drive to a branch where I could deposit the cash, and call back to extend the rental to its original length. We did exactly that and it turned out great.I sure wish a debit card weren't such a hassle to use, but I'm glad Avis was able to find a solution that worked for us. Thanks, folks!
Topologists are still trying to figure out how such a tiny hole in the wall can produce such huge meals. The breakfast burrito is big enough to hide a Fosters oilcan in, the regular-sized pancakes are each the size of four LPs stacked up, and the larger MANcakes are -- well, if you have to ask, you can't eat them.But size doesn't suffice for a five-star joint like this. The food is so GOOD that you'll arrive at a clean plate soon enough, even when it's piled high (and it will be). Why was I born with two ears and only one stomach? WHY?
Where else but Uptown could you get huge homemade biscotti for $2 and Hungarian-language lessons for free?  I noticed that the sugar container said "Sugar", and also "Azucar" (Spanish), and... "Cukar".  I asked if that was Turkish.  No, said the cute guy behind the counter, that's Hungarian.  (Turkish would have been "seker", I learned later.)I know only one phrase in Hungarian, I said: "Halvny fogalmam sincs".  He smiled and said it in English: "I have no idea."  A useful phrase to know, he agreed.The coffee drinks here are simple but good.  The names are fanciful; espresso with milk and a Torani shot is an "Elizabethan".  Dunking your biscotti into a good coffee, however, is an Uptown pleasure that will cost you surprisingly little -- and the sidewalk tables are a great way to add some Mt. Lebanon ambience.
If you love Sarris when you get it at Giant Eagle, you'll freak out over going directly to the source. They don't give tours ever since the Oompa-Loompas demanded a pay raise for double duty as tour guides, but there's art made of chocolate inside the store. And oh, the shapes of chocolate! Show your grandkids you're hip to the lingo with a "Grand Theft Chocolate" disc and a chocolate [original] PlayStation controller. Or give the toolkit with pliers and a hammer to your favorite dentist (or, if you're less humorous, to your favorite do-it-yourselfer).You can also pick up a half-pound bag of "oops". No guarantees about allergens, but the price is right. Oh man, what is that tingling in my lips?
While visiting Pittsburgh, my wife and I stopped at King's, primarily for a scoop of their red-hot cinnamon ice cream.  Sadly, Reinhold Ice Cream no longer produces the ice cream King's serves, and the new stuff tastes like it was once introduced to a red hot at a party five years ago.Hard to argue with the prices: a cheese quesadilla is under $3.  And the "Frownie" mascot, an unhappy brownie, is also available for dessert, alone or as part of a sundae.  As Frownie says about being dismembered and devoured in the table card, "That's cold."  The joke is funnier if you know that competitor Eat'n Park has a signature baked good, too, a "Smiley" cookie.This location promises free wi-fi, but I had better luck with the drifitng signal from the motel next door.
I called on Memorial Day and said "I was just checking if you're open today." "No," she snapped, "we're closed, ya jest woke me up!" Well, with customer service like that, I knew this had to be a real diner.And boy oh boy was I right. Hotcakes thick and soft as fresh cookies, something called "jumbot" (which seems to be Pittsburghese for "whatever we scraped off the grill", but boy is it good), and good luck finding the bottom of a cup of coffee, because they'll never let you get low enough to see it.Maybe these aren't the hugest pancakes in town (that honor goes to the MANcakes at Eggs-R-Us in Crafton), but they sure are delicious. Well worth a few minutes' wait for a table.
Parking in the Southside is a pain in the neck, but Edward Marc's chocolates and milkshakes make it worth the trouble.  We came here in search of Reinhold's ice cream (they now have theirs custom-made by another producer), but went away happy with a chocolate raspberry truffle milkshake (my wife opted for "thick"; the other option is "suck your brains out").We returned later to try the assorted chocolates ($18-20/lb, sold in quantities as low as one piece -- but there's a $10 credit card minimum).  Vanilla salt caramels delivered a sweet chewy blast of happiness, enhanced by sea salt sprinkled atop each piece.  The chocolate-covered pretzels with peanut butter (around $2) are upscale cousins of, and much larger than, a Take 5.  So good!We came back one last time before we had to leave Pittsburgh, and can't wait to find a parking space in the Southside again soon!
Went here for the first time last night and had so much fun that I'll definitely be back! There was a five dollar cover but it was worth it, because in my opinion there just aren't enough places to get your groove on in Madison.The bartender was really friendly and the bar isn't super crowded so it doesn't take that long to get a drink. This is because everyone's in the back room DANCING! They played salsa music all night, which was a nice change from the music they usually play at Sotto, my usual dance spot. We had soooo much fun attempting to salsa. The room has funky lighting but isn't extremely sweaty and gross, which is a huge plus. Yay- I can't wait to go back!
I finally got over to Forequarter last night and was very impressed.We came around 8:45 and had to wait twenty minutes for a party of 6, which isn't bad at all. The place is small and we were put in the dark as night back hall with the bathrooms to wait which was kind of weird, but they took our drink orders from there instead of us having to go to the bar which was good. The place itself reminds me of an upscale tavern or something. Maybe a speakeasy. It's dimly lit and sort of minimalist but very comfortable. Once we were seated the service was very good. Our food came out quickly and our waitress was really nice and not pretentious at all. They don't split checks as a policy, which a lot of servers at upscale restaurants have even told me is the most bogus thing ever, but she was willing to put different amounts on each of our cards so that was helpful.The food was FANTASTIC. I got the fried poussin which was tender, flavorful and went perfectly with the polenta it was served with. Others got the steak which they loved and the pork belly. A few complained that the portions were a little small, but nobody didn't love what they ate.I also ordered the Elderflower cocktail. It was pretty tasty but wasn't that unique. Not quite at the level of say Tornado Room's cocktails, but they had some good interesting other options. I can't wait to go back and try something new from the constantly evolving menu. Hoping the next experience brings it up to 5 stars as it's pretty darn close!
I used to know this as a crowded bar with a rowdy dance floor until one night I went for dinner because everywhere else in the area had a line.The food is actually very good! They also have interesting cocktails. On Tuesday nights they have a taco Tuesday that is far superior to Diego's. $3 margaritas that are fresh and delicious and dollar tacos. Sit outside in the summer.The only cons are that I wish the menu had more variety (also there were things on it I liked that no longer are on it) and that the service can be a little slow sometimes, but not always.
I'm not a vegetarian but I almost always order something vegetarian anyway when I go out to eat. Naturally I thought then that going to a vegetarian place would be a good idea. I was disappointed.Nothing on the menu was very tempting, mainly because it all seems to be classic meat dishes with meat replacements. I would've loved to see a list of interesting soups and salads. The spinach artichoke dip tasted pretty terrible which I didn't think was possible and the crackers it came with tasted like cardboard. The other dishes went similarly.I will say they had really interesting, delicious cocktails!
Awesome drinks. The horchata is my favorite, definitely recommend giving it a try! The staff is really helpful and eager to recommend drinks based on your preferences.The website says you can come for a tour, but that's really just a staff member pointing to various parts of the room and explaining the distillery process. Still nice that they're willing to do this!Fun ambience of being in a distillery. I definitely recommend cozying up here on a winter Saturday afternoon before enjoying dinner somewhere yummy on the east side. To be honest, I got a little bored here after 2 drinks, but they were a delicious 2 drinks!  A pity they're not open later as it'd be a fun nighttime spot.
I'm giving Portage Pi an optimistic 3 stars. I think it has so much potential and I'm really excited about it, but there are a few major areas that need improvement. The space is gorgeous! An awesome alternative to a coffee shop for getting things done. I saw a lot of outlets. Apparently they're expanding to include outdoor areas as well.The food is pretty good. I liked my Wisconsin Pi (cheese curds, ham, egg) but my roommate wasn't crazy about her short rib pi. Thought my smoothie was great. My real gripe is the price. $6 for a smoothie and $6 for a very small pie. I think they could make the pies a little bigger and then I would be happy to pay the money. It also took like 10 minutes to make my smoothie. Hire more staff or find a more efficient process, please!
I like the food here. I like sitting outside when it's nice out and sitting inside for the cozy cabin interior during winter. I like coming here at night and grabbing a drink to waive my cover for the piano bar. I like the convenience of this place.Sure, the food isn't the best or most unique in Madison, but it's bar food. I think Buck & Badger is at least 3.5 stars and will give the benefit of the doubt since we can't do half stars on yelp!
Went for restaurant week and while the place isn't perfect, Rare served me one of the best steaks I've ever had.The 6 oz filet mignon entree on the $35 pre fixe was exceptional. I never thought I'd ever describe a steak as melt in your mouth, but this steak melts in your mouth. It's juicy and flavorful and was cooked to a perfect medium rare. I will probably come back again and spend way too much money on a steak because I have a feeling their other cuts are just as awesome.I will say I wasn't super excited about the other courses. The portions were also super small, even for restaurant week standards. We had to wait for our reserved table and even then they asked us if was okay to seat us at one of the tables near the bar. We didn't mind the spot all but it was kind of weird that they were suggesting that they were giving us a subpar table after we'd been waiting. I sensed a bit of pretension but not enough to turn me off completely. At the end of the day, Rare still impressed me with their fabulous steak.
I'm really glad I made the drive to Sun Praire for both the experience and the food at Chicken Lips.Definitely divey - it looks like a house and is surrounded by farms. It's a bar with jukeboxes, games and dim lighting. No frills whatsoever; it seems like a place where SP locals come to hang out. We walked in and everyone was super friendly. The bartender helped us decided what to order: we ended up getting the original and the dry rub wings, the chips and the cheese curds. The chips and cheese curds came out first and were great appetizers. They are coated in the same rub as the chicken; so even though the actual curds and chips weren't the best I've tried (in terms of texture/factors besides seasoning); they were definitely tasty. Then the wings came and they were super yummy. I couldn't decide if I liked the original (saucy, kind of like buffalo wings) or the dry rub better so I had plenty of both. They went great with their original bleu cheese (apparently diluted with sour cream "or something"), which apparently "mama" invented because bleu cheese was too expensive. I'm glad I went, but I'm not sure I agree that these are the best wings ever or even the best wings in town. Regardless, the food is very good and the experience is a hoot.
Really think they have one of the best brunches in Madison. It's somewhat of a diner feel, but has a super interesting menu. Obviously some restaurants can succeed at making just a few items really well, but in general something I look for is variety. Bluephies has it. I'm grateful I can go with a large group of diverse palates and we can all order dishes that satisfy our cravings. Everything I've tried and everything my friends have tried has been delicious.Some recommendations: Denver omelette, waffle dogs (basically a funnel cake over a breakfast sausage, it's heaven), Bloody Mary, breakfast jambalaya, hangover Benedict. Go with a group so you can try lots of things! Yum.
As a New Yorker, I'm a big snob about pizza. Fortunately, Pizza di Roma lives up to my standards. Slices are big, the cheese to sauce ratio is right, and the crust is a good thickness/consistency. When pizza is good, there's no need to get a specialty slice (*cough*ians), cheese or pepperoni will do. The spinach slice is also yummy.Would definitely recommend this over anywhere else in town, during the day or late night.
I've come back a few times hoping the last visit had been a fluke but so far haven't had a great experience here. The food is average or below average. Didn't love the huevos rancheros, chilaquiles or breakfast sandwich. The jalepeno eggs Benedict that has been a special a few times is very good.  I find the portions to be pretty small for the price. The menu has also gotten smaller since I started going.Also, considering nobody is ever there, the service is pretty slow.
I came back for drinks and everything was excellent. Tasty, creative drinks and fabulous service! I want to try the food again but this most definitely will be a regular spot for cocktails.
5 stars for ambiance, 3 stars for food.It's hard to know what to expect when you walk into the Italian Society of Madison (this is so not what it's actually called but bear with me). The foyer looks like a foyer for a local society, not for a restaurant. But that's what makes Greenbush Bar so special - you walk down the side steps and are transported to another world! The ceilings are low and there are colorful Christmas lights hanging. It's dim and cozy with a big bar lining one of the sides. I would call it supper club meets speakeasy? The type of speakeasy that the 99% enjoyed during prohibition. After the excitement from the aesthetics of the joint, we were a little disappointed with the food. Our pizza was fine but all pizza tastes good (check out that Billy Crystal quote - even when it's bad, it's good). It wasn't up there with Grampa's or Pizza Brutta. The crust was thin and too flaky and overcooked. The meat antipasti platter was okay, but not the highest quality. Parts of it seemed like they put Oscar Meyer cold cuts on a dish.That said, it wasn't a BAD meal. I'll definitely be back to try different menu items and enjoy the special atmosphere!
I didn't expect to like this place so much! I was originally turned off by the huge, collegey chain on State Street. However, the food is spectacular, the service is fabulous and the place is roomy and attractive. Everything I've tried tastes great. The crack fries are obviously great. The buffalo rolls are AMAZING. If you think Hopcat only serves good unhealthy food, think again. The southwest salad is delicious and fills you up.Servers are always friendly and helpful. When it took more than a few minutes to get us our appetizers, they asked what they could comp because they felt so bad. We didn't even think we'd been waiting that long!
Fun bistro with great food. Great service. The place is dim without being overly dark, casual but festive. The menu had so many delicious looking choices that if we lived in Montreal we would have to come back to try more! Here's the run down of what we ordered:Buffala mozzarella salad: YES. A wonderful twist on a caprese. The arugula is in the most wonderful balsamic, the cheese is soft and salty, the proscuitto is prosciutto. Vegetable soup: spectacular. Similar to minestrone and just fantastically flavored.Salmon tartare: really good. The yogurt is a nice compliment. It's a lot so I would recommend getting the appetizer portion.Salmon: didn't try but my mother really enjoyed Warm goat cheese: good, but the only thing that didn't amaze us. Pretty simple goat cheese without too much flavor. Would skip this next time.Hope you enjoy this as much as we did!
After dining here for brunch, dinner, restaurant week and coming for a Yelp Elite event, I can confidently say that Eldorado is reliably good. I definitely recommend it for a meal with a small group. The atmosphere is fun and the bar is great. There's always a lot of people there talking to the friendly bartenders. A perfect spot for Thursday evening drinks. Or just come before you're hungry and get drinks until your table is ready, because there likely is a wait. The details:Brunch: large menu with a huge variety ranging from typical breakfast food to dishes with a TexMex spin. They take reservations which is impressive! Love the brunch margarita and the Eldorado Eggs.Dinner: also a lot of options. Especially exciting for people who like big, carnivorous meals. Restaurant Week: one of the better ones I've been to in Madison. The portions weren't too skimpy and everything was tasty. The horchata milkshake was wonderful.Why just 4 stars? I'm still waiting to try that dish that truly blows my mind.
After eating here twice, I pondered about why they named the place Cento, the Italian word for one hundred. Is it because a meal for two people is likely to run over $100? Could it be because there are about 100 things on the menu, making decisions very stressful? These points may be true, but I finally decided it's because 100% of the food I've tried from Cento is wonderfully delicious.I've gone for brunch and dinner with a big group and EVERYTHING that everyone ordered was top notch. For example, the Porchetta and Brussels sprouts pizza trumps both Grampa's and Pizza Brutta in my opinion. The squid ink tagliatelle (conveniently offered in a full and half sized portion) is just lovely in it's tasty lobster sauce. The snapper is cooked deliciously, I only got a bite of my friend's order but it was enough to make me want to go back and get a full one for myself. Whether you're splitting a pizza and the fabulous butcher board (comes with honey, LOVE that!) with friends or ordering entrees with a date, I highly recommend Cento for an evening of great food. The service is also excellent and the ambiance is upscale without being stuffy. Can't wait to go back!
With ingredients like prosciutto and burrata on the menu I would be pretty surprised if anything tasted less than delicious. I'm super happy that they offer all of my favorite goodies to put on my pizzas! Pizza Brutta could take it to the next level (and star) by crafting slightly more creative flavor combinations for their on-the-menu pizzas or improving the crust consistency just a bit (I'm picky though). I like how fast my order comes out.
Delicious donuts! I thought the vanilla frosted long john was on par with Greenbush's similar donuts. This should be your donut stop on the East Side. They also serve hot middle eastern food, which I plan to come back to try. Just make sure you have some time, even if you're just picking up donuts to go. There was just one person working the counter and cooking customers' meals so the whole process took awhile.
Finally made it over to Karben4 for sunday brunch and it was worth the drive!Everything on the small menu sounds amazing and everything me or my companions ordered rocked.I got the Monte Cristo, which was fabulous. The French Toast was perfect and the ham was good quality. The egg was a perfect amount of runny. They offer a combination platter (can't remember the name) that also comes in a half sized version, the Tiny Tim. Don't be fooled by "half sized" - it comes with so much food and is a steal! You get the pulled pork sandwich, ham, greens and French toast with a fruit compote. It's about the same price as if you just ordered the pulled pork sandwich (very good, by the way) by itself! Friends ordered their special mimosa, which is juice mixed with their IPA. Not a fan of IPAs myself but my pals really enjoyed this.
My favorite restaurant in the city. Whenever someone comes to town I say this restaurant is a must as it's quintessential Madison. The prices are good and the food is GOOD. You can't go without ordering the cheese curds; they're the best in town. I really like the summer sausage sandwich. Obviously their old fashioneds are awesome. One of the downsides is the long wait, but it's just a sign of how damn good this place is. Go before you're hungry and have a drink at the bar. It's worth it and often times the wait is much shorter than they say it'll be.
I found MSCO Patisserie lovely but a little impractical. There's a small display with a few pastries, tarts and cookies. All are beautiful and look delicious, but not things I'd typically buy at a bakery. I may eat little fancy one-serving desserts at a restaurant, but I don't know why I'd bring them home. Soon, they will offer a little more when they start selling gelato. They gave me a free sample and it was pretty good! Complex flavors and super rich. Was nice to sit outside in the sun and enjoy.The macarons are SOOO DELICIOUS! Almost made me not hate myself for paying $2.50 for a medium sized cookie. Almost.I realize it's a high end shop, but I just don't think I could justify paying these prices unless I was giving a gift or something.
Everything I've tried here is really good. The ribs, mac and cheese and mashed potatoes are all excellent. I wasn't expecting great cheese curds from a BBQ joint but they were delicious (not overly battered, well flavored). Service has always been good and the waitstaff is really nice.
Good food, good service. I definitely recommend coming here for a casual and inexpensive meal or for takeout. I personally really enjoy the huraches, but everything on the menu looks good! Beer specials on Wednesday nights!
AMAZINGPerfect biscuit breakfast sandwich with HOOKS CHEDDARFresh squeezed orange juiceDelicious homemade "pop tarts"Waits much better than most places downtown If you want a non-pretentious, friendly atmosphere with GREAT food, check out 4 and 20!
I went back to Gotham craving a bagel, forgetting my past disappointments. I was more disappointed than ever.The food is just not good. The ham, trying to be fancy, is so disgustingly salty and does not belong on an egg and cheese sandwich. The sausage is also some weird patty and not a normal sausage patty you'd have on a breakfast sandwich.Gotham says it's a NY style bagel shop but misses the mark when it tries too hard. The bagels are great but your egg sandwiches are almost inedible (my friend and I both picked at ours and didn't finish). The wait for the food is far too long, it's overpriced and nobody smiles.
One of my favorite places to get cocktails or late night food in Madison. Their specialty cocktails are delicious and strong. I love the James Madison or the Key Lime Gimlet if I want dessert. From the late night menu, the steak sandwich is one of the best menu items in Madison. The steak is cooked perfectly and goes so well with the horseradish sauce.What really sets this place apart from the rest is the ambiance. It's 1920s speakeasy meets Wisconsin supper club. Dim lighting and cozy seating make it a great place to go in a very small group.
I went last night with a group of coworkers and regretted not going sooner.Warm, lovely, cozy. When you walk into this small restaurant, you are immediately calmed from "the hustle and bustle" of the street and the chill of Madison winter is long behind you. The place is nice enough to be a great spot for an occasion, but still relatively laid back. Great service, I was honestly just amazed that our waitress could remember everything about the specials! The food was delicious. The menu doesn't need to go over the top, everythings just cooked well and tasty. I took Corey D's advice and ordered off the specials menu, which is basically the same length as the regular menu (thanks Corey!). Highlights:- Filetto: steak with a slab of muenster cheese on top. This sounded kind of weird but I love steak and I love cheese, and so naturally I loved my meal. - Meat antipasti: we shared this FANTASTIC assortment of meats. Definitely not your typical charcuterie board. - BUDINO: I would come back just for this. As others have mentioned, this is perfect. The pudding and fresh cream are so smoothe and it just has a rich, perfect taste. I really need to go back and try some pasta!I will end by saying that my mom raised me with an 11th commandment: thou shall not eat Italian food outside of NY, San Francisco, Chicago (maybe)...and Italy. After living in Madison for awhile, I realized I had to break this rule and have had some good and bad experiences. Osteria Papavero is the type of place that proves my mom is just a (wonderful) snob, you can find good Italian food anywhere!
This place has delicious and well priced food. Everything I've ordered tastes so so so so good!I personally like the homey feel to the restaurant. Super casual and no frills, but not divey either. It gives me a very warm feeling.I highly recommend the French dip and the cheese curds, which are competitive with some of Madison's top rated restaurants.
Why does everything list this as a top tourist attraction? It's a never ending maze of shopping malls. There's nothing interesting about it. If you want to shop, go for it, but you'll find the same stores as are in any US mall.
Lovely place with good food! Will come back soon to try something else. Pros:*warm atmosphere. Great for a family dinner. *awesome Mediterranean veggie combo. Six of us very comfortably split the one intended for four. The tabouli in particular is amazing. *large menu with lots of options!*yummy lemonade*inexpensive bottles of wineCons:I got the lamb kebab and while the meat was very good, the $18.95 dish was mostly hummus and rice. I thought there should've been more meat for the price.
Finally made it over to Monona for brunch on Saturday. Our group of 6 arrived at 12:30 and thankfully there was a table available for us. You go and order up front with their very friendly staff. The ambiance is nothing special at all, but the view of the lake is really nice if you can grab a seat near the window. Overall, the food was very good. - Fungus Scrambler: AMAZING, I typically don't order scramblers because that's the easiest thing to make at home, but I would break my rule for this. If you like mushrooms but aren't huge on them, you will still adore this dish. Also there's truffle oil in this so...yeah. Do it.- Killer Scramble: I'm a sucker for smoked salmon and eggs, and this dish is no exception. They're pretty generous with the salmon and it goes so well with the cheese, it's just a party in your mouth.- Sweet Berry French Toast: meh. The server said this was really good but I disagree. Really boring, the orange mascarpone doesn't taste like orange or mascarpone and there's barely any on it anyway. Didn't love the texture of the toast, either.- Gloomy Day (or something) Smoothie: delicious!!! I slurped this up in like 30 seconds.I definitely want to go back, but I'll probably have anxiety over choosing between something I loved from my previous visit or trying something new!!
Just went here for the first time this evening because I had a gift card. It was a nice time.The place is just lovely. There's a lot of art on the walls and it's just a really nice atmosphere. Our server was so, so nice. She helped us decide what to order. Now the most important part: the food! I really liked the keema dosa (lamb and potato in a crepe like thing) and my friend enjoyed her tandoori chicken salad. What you really MUST order is the dal. We both ordered cups and regretted not getting bowls. IT IS SO DELICIOUS! I would come back just to order this. It's so much more flavorful than your typical lentil soup. I will mention that prices are a little high compared to other Madison restaurants.
3 reasons why Pig in a Fur Coat is in my top 3 favorite restaurants in Madison:1. It's lovely and quaint. The wooden tables make you feel like you're in some upscale log cabin or something. It's a small room and sometimes they'll sit multiple parties at the same long table. Very conducive to conversation. Good place to go on a date or with a small group of friends.2. Fun, nice staff. I'm always writing about how nice the staff is at restaurants...but here they're also a lot of fun! It adds to the communal vibe of the spot in that they're having fun with you, sharing your good time!3. DELICIOUS FOOD!!!! The dishes are "fancy" without being unapproachable and the menu is diverse enough that there's something for everyone. Pig in a Fur Coat manages to turn intricate, high end food into comfort food! I recommend sharing a bunch of plates with your group as it's a tapas style menu. The food is really decadent so you'll probably want to try a few magnificent bites of each dish before moving on to the next one. Here are some favorites:*Foie Gras Mousse: Perfection. The closest thing to a foie gras donut you'll ever try (or until greenbush comes out with one ha!). They should change this to "foie gras for beginners" on the menu because a lot of my friends ate this as their first foie gras experience and loved it! A lot less intense and just an amazing combination of flavors.*Rabbit Rillette: if you can get over thoughts of your 2nd grade class pet, you'll love this! It comes with tart cherries which compliment the fatty, salty taste of the spread. Super rich though so it's enough to share with a large group.*Ocotpus: yummmmm, beautiful dish*the only dish I didn't like was the dates. Kind of tasted like a weird eggplant parm.Don't forget to ask your server for help choosing a wine!
Adorable brunch spot with no wait!The checkered table cloths and flower vases on each table make it very cheery. Our waitress' big smile and French accent added to the experience as well.I loved that my crepe had prosciutto and Brie. The crepe itself could've been a little more flavorful; perhaps a grainy mustard would've tied the dish together. My friend's smoked salmon scrambled eggs tasted great and I enjoyed my latte. The menu had a lot of other tempting options so I would like to return and try a sweet crepe, other desserts and the Croque Madame. I hate waiting in line for brunch so depending on how the rest of the menu tastes, I may become a regular!
AMAZING SANDWICHES! Every sandwich on their small menu is made of delicious, high quality meat. You won't find any cold cuts here as far as I know - instead the sandwiches are made of juicy steak, braised pork, etc.I loved my lomo saltado sandwich and loved my chicarron de Esmeralda even more! They both came with this awesome tangy sauce that has lime and cilantro. I've also ordered the salchipapa which I imagine would be pretty amazing as a late night snack - hot dogs on french fries with 4 different delicious sauces. The juice was pretty good as well.
I was underwhelmed. Normally when I walk into a shop like this I have to exercise all of my self control to not spend all of my money. At Frabonis, I walked around several times trying to find something that would catch my eye.They have a good selection of pasta but I expected more interesting sauces, cheeses and meats. Maybe if I were a true Italian chef I would "get it" and the store would be useful. I was looking for pesto specifically, and they had a couple of options, but then I went to a grocery store which had the same brands plus a few other choices. Wasn't worth the trip to a specialty store.
This pizza is so good! I grew up in NY and am pretty snobby about pizza, but Sals passes my test. It has the crust consistency and slice size* of what I would consider "real" pizza with the flavors and unique ingredients of a more gourmet spot.The carbonara pie is out of this world. I tried a bite of my friends' jalapeo pizza and it was also great. I can't wait to try more pies and do take out! *if you can't fold it, it's not pizza. Sorry.
Amazing food, lovely atmosphere.When we walked in we were a bit nervous because there was hardly anyone there. Why wasn't there a 45 minute wait like every other place on the block? I'm not sure, but everyone waiting at The Keg (etc) is missing out.The dining room is very lovely and offers a nice view of the cobblestone Old Montreal. Not long into our Saturday evening meal, a band began to play nice music that lasted the entire time.The food was tremendous!!!!! My parents ordered the Kale Soup, grilled porgy and grilled octopus and really liked all of it. But we all agreed that my seafood rice dish was the most outstanding. It came with mussels, shrimp, scallops, lobster and clams in one of the best broths I've ever tasted. It's as much of a stew or soup as it is a rice dish. If you like seafood, order this! It also comes in a two person portion. For Montreal, prices are not bad and the wine list has some nice options. Definitely recommend.
THANK YOU cool yelp eliters for guiding me to yet another wonderful spot. I've passed this on Atwood but it never stood out enough to convince me to take a night off of my usual Thai places.The reviews all are correct - the food here is fantastic. It's super casual so it's somewhere I would go if you're really just looking to treat your taste buds for a low key dinner. I want to try ordering delivery, but the fees are such that I would probably only do it with a large group. Here are some of the highlights:Tom Kha soup: this coconut broth soup is a favorite of mine and something I use to compare Thai restaurants because it usually doesn't vary so much. Monsoon Siam probably served the most unique version I've ever tasted; it was tangy and I want to say citrusy! I also liked that you could order mushrooms with this instead of the usual tofu or chicken. Sun dried beef: ordered this because of a yelp review that claimed people "sing praises" to this dish. After one bite, we were singing praises. It's sooo flavorful and not overly dry! A lot of food for $7, easy to share with at least 3 people.Red curry: spicy (be warned if you can't take the heat) without losing the inherent flavor of the dish. Very brothy, which I personally prefer. I got the tofu because of a yelper who said they don't typically love tofu but this tofu is an exception. I totally agree; the texture is sophisticated and it really takes the flavor of the dish.Pad see ew: fluffy noodles! Great with tofu. My friend who ordered this was so happy!My friend is a huuuuge Ha Long Bay guy, and admitted that Monsoon Siam's food is better! Can't wait to come back and try more!
It's a fine bakery, but at the end of the day the food is expensive and not my favorite.Take the breakfast sandwich, for example, it's $8 without meat and then an additional $3 just to add bacon or ham. Madison has so many yummy breakfast sandwiches without up charging for meat, so why would I get this here? The smoked salmon Benedict is drenched in hollandaise. Too much. I liked the biscuits and gravy, but felt that it was kind of like a soup. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich recently and the bread looked like grocery store bread.You're not getting anything special with the ambiance or anything either, there's no table service, so while it's ok, it's never my first choice.Maybe I just need to order that perfect dish and I will change my mind?
Five stars because:1. DELICIOUS food2. Super reasonably priced3. The nicest staff1. My beef kebab roll was outstanding. The beef was perfectly juicy and flavorful. The lamb shawarma and fries also taste great.2. I don't know where else you can get a meal in Madison for 5.99. One of the best values in town.3. The friendly folks behind the counter are really why I am rooting for this spot. They were polite, smiled and were really helpful.It's not fast food, so don't go if you need to be in and out in 5 minutes (or call ahead). I really hope they start offering delivery and late night food!
I bought a groupon for an oil change for $13. This is super cheap!Was able to get an early morning appointment with less than a week's notice. Glad I didn't have to wait forever as I really needed this oil change.I was in and out of the shop in about 55 minutes, which was only a little longer than they'd estimated so no real complaints. As far as I can tell, car is doing fine.
If you've never been to a Brazilian steakhouse before I'm sure you will love Samba. However, it's not as good as many of the other rodizio places I've experienced.The salad bar is lackluster. Most places offer crazily stocked salad bars that could get me full for 3 days before ever touching the meat (shrimp cocktail, cured meats, you name it!).   I usually have to restrain myself. Here, nothing is all that enticing. The cheese balls that are my favorite thing ever at these types of places are often cold or run out.The meat is fine but also not as good as at other similar restaurants. My favorite is definitely the prime rib. I wish there were more really good meats (lamb chops, more steaks, etc) and fewer items like buffalo chicken. That's not why I go to a Brazilian steakhouse. They do bring out the most delicious grilled pineapple ever.Service is hit or miss. I would go back for an occasion because it's all we have in Madison, but I definitely recommend going to a Fogo or a Texas de Brazil for a higher quality experience.
Don't bother with dollar margarita Tuesdays. They're so syrupy it's impossible to drink an entire glass. I recommend splurging an extra two bucks and going over to Madison's where they serve a delicious, fresh $3 margarita on Tuesdays. I also was not very impressed by the tacos. I don't get why there are such mediocre restaurants in such a prime location in Madison!
Madison had a huge need for another rooftop bar/restaurant. Thankfully, the Graduate Hotel delivered.The Madison Blind is 5/5 for ambiance, food and service.From the roof you can see state street, the Capitol building and Lake Mendota. It's beautiful. But when winter inevitably comes, you'll be just as happy sitting inside with the modern decor and large windows.The menu is diverse and affordable. We really liked the cheese curds, profiterole ice cream sandwich, cheese plate and steak tacos. Very shareable. The cocktails also rock, I highly recommend the martini with gin and cucumber!Service was friendly and accommodating. The cherry on top of a great experience.We will be back for appetizers and drinks, dinner or maybe even a night out! I really hope this becomes a bar to throw into the rotation.
I thought about giving Paisan's just one star but decided the amazing view was worth another. I'll start by saying that there probably isn't another restaurant in Madison with such a prime, waterfront location.And that's a huge shame because the food here is no good. It's supposedly Italian, but less authentic (and less tasty) than Olive Garden. The dishes are so plain - why should I go out to eat to order spaghetti in tomato sauce? Sure, at a really good Italian place simple works well, but here the food really does not taste professional at all. Pizza is the easiest thing in the world to make taste amazing yet at Paison's it is so mediocre. It probably says something about the kitchen's culinary expertise that the menu boasts a ham sandwich with banana peppers as the restaurant's most famous item.I would only say go here if you must, must eat on the water downtown. Even then, I would probably rather get food at the terrace or something.
They only serve one thing but they serve it perfect. The Pel'meni (the beef in particular) is so wonderful! Get it with all of the fixings and you're in for an amazing combination of flavors. Picky eaters and unique food lovers alike would love these dumplings. They're cheap, too!
Finally went and was not disappointed.The burgers are very good - juicy and flavorful. I got the one with all the different kinds of cheese (I forgot the name) and it was delicious. The cheese curds were also fantastic - gooey, not overly battered and up there with some of my faves.The atmosphere was nice, kind of reminded me of Avenue Bar or something. Really nice waitress who knew we were in a rush and was very accommodating.There are other interesting looking menu items but sadly I feel like it's sacrilegious to come and not get a burger, so I may never try one...
Went here for the yearly walking tour and had a really pleasant experience.The sunflowers were gorgeous. The views would only be better if nobody was allowed to build houses nearby. It's a great place to learn about Wisconsin's interesting geological history (it's right at the terminal moraine from the ice age), the Native Americans that lived here and the German settlers of the 1800s as well as about farming and the Pope family's great love of the land. If you come just to walk around, there are informational signs around to read.This would be a great place to take a walk or have a picnic on a sunny day!
Renting a boat on Lake Mendota is always so much fun. The Skipper Buds staff is always really helpful and accommodating. Never driven a boat? They'll give you a little lesson before you begin. We like to go to 3 foot bay to anchor our boat and relax in the shallow water. All things considered, I don't think they're that expensive, especially when you compare it to all the costs associated with owning a boat. They have had a few Groupon deals lately which makes it more reasonable. My only suggestion is to allow 6 hour rentals. The half day (4 hours) goes by so quickly but the full day (8 hours) is way too much.
THIS BAR HAS A GIANT TREE IN IT!! Do I really need to say anything else?Okay, if I do, it also has leather seats you'll sink into, cheap drinks and friendly bartenders. Cya there!
Nice spot. Good to catch up with a friend and grab some casual food and a drink.Probably the best part about this restaurant is the huge list of awesome beers on tap for only $4! I ordered a cider (can't remember the name but I hadn't heard of it) that actually tasted like legitimate apple cider, just with alcohol. Very different from an angry orchard or a cider boys.The food was really good - not the best I've ever had, but solid. I quite enjoyed my Mac n cheese and my friend liked her Seoul Patrol, which came with crispy and tasty fries. I would like to try more items from the menu, but I will say I wish there were a few more options.
I've only had takeout. No major complaints. I would order for a reliable hot meal, but so far nothing has blown my mind.The lamb curry was kind of spicy but besides that not as flavorful as I would prefer. Supposedly comes with yogurt but if it's in the sauce I couldn't tell. Next time will ask for it as a side as well. Generous with the lamb; lots of big, delicious pieces in my dish! Would've liked some more veggies or something to break up the broth in addition to the meat.Chicken 65 was pretty good and the naan was great but I've never seen a restaurant mess up naan.Gotta go back for the buffet. It's kind of expensive to do takeout from here so that should be a more affordable way to sample the menu.
I thought the fries weren't nearly crispy enough, even though the gravy on the poutine was very good. Madison needs more late night food spots, so I'm still glad that Mad City Frites opened and is open late.
This is the type of place I'm going to complain about all the time yet still go back very regularly.Despite my complaints, it offers fast food that isn't awful for you. I can only go to Chipotle so often and Freshii is too far away. If Madison had more options for make your own salads and wraps, I might not frequent Naf Naf as often.After trying a few things, my go to will probably be the chicken shawarma bowl with half rice half lettuce. Getting as close to chipotle as possible here.  The chicken is tasty, the meal is satisfying and it doesn't make me feel gross when I finish. Things I dislike:- It's pretty expensive. I pay much less at chipotle, even with guac (which we all know is extra).- I don't love the rice, I may switch to just lettuce.- Hummus is a bajillion dollars extra. It's mean.- NO TZATZIKI? Rude!- The "salad" (the tomatoes and stuff) isn't as good as it could be neither is the pita. Obviously not authentic Middle Eastern.-the fries are soggy and just really not good
Edit: entrees are not "mostly above" $25. I still think they are overpriced but I must have exaggerated it to myself when I first wrote this. Whoops! I liked Avenue Bar and I like Avenue Club. To me they are entirely different and my fondness for the old restaurant doesn't detract from my enjoyment of the new one. That would be comparing apples to oranges.Ambiance is modern and festive. Would be a good spot for a celebration.Food is very good. The mussels were good and in a delicious broth. I only wish we had more bread or there was more in the broth besides mussels because I ended up trying to drink the remnants up like soup. I also enjoyed the confit chicken wings and the apple, date and bleu cheese salad.The drink menu has a lot of intriguing choices and the shrub cocktail was great. I thought the Rouge 74 (75?) was fine, but I expected a little more. Definitely want to return to try more cocktails.Service was fine. A little slow at a few points but not so bad for 8pm on a Saturday night/a new restaurant working out the kinks.My biggest complaint would be the price of the entrees. I am excited to return to try more of the shareable plates, sandwiches and salads, but I likely will never order an entree. Many are $25+. Why do all of these relatively casual restaurants in Madison, WI suddenly think they're fancy restaurants in New York City?!
I really want to love this place but haven't been very impressed after going multiple times.The ambiance is awesome. Probably the best part of the restaurant. Dim lighting, a funky wine display and a hip looking bar make it a fun place to go. Feels like you're at a lounge (and apparently they do bottle service which I think would be funny to do someday). However, I really just don't love the food. It's overpriced and looks and tastes so average. It almost seems like they're lazy. I did really like the tuna tartare! I would go back for half priced bottles of wine on Wednesdays and perhaps try something from their new menu before going to a show at the overture center. However, there are many much better places in the area.
I love Mediterranean food and would never have thought I would ever prefer a chain to many locally owned spots, but Pita Pit ROCKS!!I always get the gyro and it's always wonderful. I love how much you can add (hummus, avocado, etc) without paying an additional fee. This sandwich is so freaking perfect I could eat it for 3 meals a day. The meat is cooked right. The veggies are plentiful. Most importantly, the name doesn't lie, the PITA is fluffy and yummy and perfect even while toasted.Ordering delivery? PP is one of the fastest places in town. Hungry after a night out on state street? It's open late. The staff is so friendly and make it look like they actually enjoy working there.I even got a $5 pita from using the Hooked app!
It took three trips here for me to truly love the food but then I really hit the jackpot! The tom kha soup is delicious and the west of the Andes sandwich is perfect!! Fun beer selection and quirky atmosphere. I've had mixed experiences with the service.Wouldn't recommend the breakfast frittata or the chili. So basically: if you order the right thing you can be in for an awesome casual dinner.
Definitely a spot, a fine spot, but I'm not sure I would call it THE spot.Some friends and I went for brunch after trying to go to Sophia's when it was closed. The service was notably slooooow and the food was decent, but pretty average. Nothing on the menu was super enticing so I went with one of the scramblers. It was tasty and well seasoned, but overall a small portion that wasn't much to write home about. I wouldn't take stars off for this or anything but the menu isn't really cohesive. In addition to some breakfast items you'll find a Mediterranean platter...and scallops....scallops? Lol. I wonder if anyone's ordered them for brunch there.Anyway, I wouldn't hate to go back, but wouldn't go out of my way either.
If you're looking for amazing bar food with a Wisconsin flair but don't want to wait in line at the Old Fashioned, look no further!Their cheese curds are all delicious (regular, goat cheese or buffalo). Their burger is AMAZING - probably the best I've tried in Madison. Overall a great place to grab a quick bite of awesome food or drink some Wisconsin beer without the hassle of the other Capitol square spots.
Ma Cha is a fun, unique way to spend an afternoon. When it's cold and there's not much to do, why not lay on the floor pillows at Ma Cha with some friends instead of laying on your couch?The ambiance is what makes this place. Do your best to get a spot on the second level. The downstairs looks like your typical cafe, but walk up the stairs and you have your pick of funky tea rooms with unconventional seating. Pick a tea and enjoy it with a friend. Order the cucumber cream cheese sandwiches and scarf them down and wish you had more. They also have a few Asian rice dishes on the menu. If they weren't about to close I would suggest they extend the menu a bit and offer table service so you can enjoy a lazy afternoon of ordering tea after tea and snack after snack. But alas, in a few days Ma Cha will be no more, rendering this review basically useless. Madison will miss this spot and would surely benefit from something similar opening up soon!
This place is solid. Free drinks on your birthday, free ice cream sundae every month and an awesome brunch menu. So the birthday thing probably makes it such that there are a lot of rowdy college kids here at night, but I don't come here at night. Even if you're just looking for an afternoon drink, you need to come claim your free drink(s) on your birthday! If only for the awesome mug you can take home. The brunch menu is really unique. I wasn't expecting the food to be very good and was pleasantly surprised. I'm obsessed with the cheese curd breakfast burrito. For anyone who likes bloodies, the brunchzilla is a liter and has enough garnishes to be a complete meal. It has A HAMBURGER on it and comes with a PINT beer chaser! So much fun!
Everything from the atmosphere, service and food was average.I always am pretty annoying and ask a million questions about the menu when trying a new place. Normally, staff are happy to share their opinions and help me to my decision. The guy at the counter was pretty short and seemed very unamused; he just wanted me to order already despite the store being empty. Maybe he was having a bad day. The food took longer than I would expect from this type of restaurant (no table service, not much to look at kind of place - it seems like a pizza place), but it wasn't absurdly long.The food was fine especially considering the decent prices. I got the lamb schwarma sandwich and thought everything inside was very tasty. However, the pita (I guess it was pita? Didn't really taste like it) was really toasted and had this crispy texture. It took away from the sandwich, I would much prefer fresh pita. The fries were good, as was the hummus plate. I resented paying extra for tzatziki and them not even putting it in my sandwich for me.I looooove Mediterranean food so I would probably come back if I was on state and looking to grab a bite. However, I won't go out of my way to come here again.
So sad that I waited so long to check out Barolo. It's the perfect spot for drinks and appetizers.Roommate and I sat at the bar, which I recommend. The bartenders are super fun - ask them to play bar bingo! I like the environment at Barolo because it's not a rowdy college bar but it's not at all pretentious.  The beef tartare was out of this world delicious. I'm excited to try other dishes from the menu to see if they're as fantastic!
"I like mustard on my toast.I like mustard on a roast.But what I really like the mostIs mustard dribbled on a ghost."I'm stopping here because I'm unsure where Yelp draws the plagiarism line, but go to the Mustard Museum to read the rest of this children's book long poem! With illustrations! All about mustard!I finally found someone (or a place) that loves mustard as much as I do. What better way to spend a freezing Saturday afternoon than at a shrine to mustard's glory?Start on the ground floor and view mustards from all over the world and all 50 states, learn about cultivation of mustard seeds and it's medicinal uses and watch a flick or 2 at the mustard theater! Then go upstairs and spend all your money. I just HAD to buy two copies of the aforementioned book, some wacky mustard postcards, and a tshirt that says POUPON U (get it??!!?).Don't worry about buying a mustard you don't like - you can sample all of their mustards in the store! I tried sriracha mustard, dill mustard, and lots of other mustards I never knew existed.If I ever get married, I may have my wedding at this wonderful place.
I liked but didn't love A-OK Coffee. I was sad that they were out of Nashville Hot Chicken and didn't mark it on the sign. I ordered the sausage and egg biscuit instead, and it tasted kind of funny. The biscuit itself was great.I'm not a coffee drinker, so I loved that they offer fresh squeezed juice. It was pricy for the small cup, but that's no different from anywhere else. Average atmosphere. Nothing bad, nothing particularly comfortable.
SLOOOOW service, food is not great. Not many healthy or vegetarian options besides the salads. Pity this is the only actual restaurant at MSN.
Perfect addition to Madison!Ever wanted to do one of those Paint Nite events but it was too expensive, didn't work with your calendar or you didn't like the painting they were offering? You can walk into PaintBar at any time and paint any picture without paying the class fee.They have instructions you can use but Shoes, the owner (I think), will help you create any masterpiece! He helped my non-artistic group of friends turn our respective ideas into reality. All you need to do is buy a canvas and they supply the paint, clean up and advice for free. They offer wine, beer and pizza as well. I was so pleasantly surprised by how delicious the arugula, pancetta and honey goat cheese pizza is! Perfect for when your paint is drying and you need something to do with your hands.The space is also really neat and they plan to start hosting all kinds of events. Hoping they do well because I anticipate this being the perfect winter activity. Bring the kids, come here on a date or for a tipsy Saturday night with friends - PaintBar would be fun for anyone!
Finally got to try Bradbury's today! The staff was really friendly in helping me decide what to order (because obviously everything looked awesome).I started with a chocolate raspberry muffin and a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice. Both were great! My companion ordered a latte which he thought was good, not amazing. Then we waited for our crepes. And waited. And waited. I know the place is small, but it wasn't that busy and we did wait for about 45 minutes.But then the food came and it was basically worth it. Decadent, interesting combinations of flavors. The sea salt, honey and butter crepe was BRILLIANT and only a few dollars. The creme anglaise and raspberry crepe was great and actually had enough fresh berries to have some in each bite (definitely would not be true at a lot of restaurants).I definitely want to come back and try more crepes and would recommend it to others but only if you have a lot of time and aren't starving. It's a fun cafe atmosphere to come with a friend, sit and chat.
They have cute shoes, although the selection isn't huge.Unfortunately, I didn't love the service last year when I bought an expensive ($230) pair of boots. The strap on the back broke within a week and the first time I came they replaced the pair no problem. When it broke again shortly after, they didn't offer to replace it or give me a refund, since this kind of thing shouldn't break. They also assured me that the shoes would suffice as winter boots and although I shouldn't wear them trekking through deep snow, they would be fine to wear when it's snowing. When I would walk around Madison streets in light snow, my toes would get numb because so they are so not water/snow proof. I told them this and didn't get much of a response. Was pretty annoyed that I spent all that money on what was supposed to be my winter boots and wasn't offered anything when they didn't work as promised :(Still giving 3 stars because I'm hoping this was just one bad experience. They were really nice and helpful when I came in shopping that first time.
DELICIOUS bubble tea in a modern, attractive store!The strawberry lemon green tea was amazing. Sweet but complimented with the lemon. Great stop for a refreshing drink on state street.
I've really liked this place every time I've gone. Great place to go if you're looking for casual bar food that's better than your typical casual bar food.Also have a good beer selection. One thing is I would like to see more variety on the food menu.
Hurry! You only have a few weeks left to spend an awesome afternoon on the water via kayak or SUP.The staff here is sooo nice.  Really enjoyed just talking to the interesting people who work there. If you stay out for a little over an hour most places would charge you for two but Brittingham let's you get off the hook with one.You can play it safe and drift around in Monona Bay or you can go into the actual lake. Stand up paddle boarding or kayaking (tandem or single) are perfect ways to enjoy the lake without having to splurge on an expensive motor boat rental. you'll also get a bit of a workout without overly extend in yourself!They also apparently have SUP yoga which I really, really want to try. $30 seems a little much but I guess you are paying for the rental and the yoga instruction. Will definitely have to try next summer!
Optimistic three stars.LOVE the idea. Downtown Madison could really use a cocktail bar/wine lounge. A place to get drinks that's not a rowdy college bar. The menu is so much fun! Wine slushies, ice cream drinks, flights, etc. I liked but didn't love my wine slushy, but my roommate loved all 3 in her flight. Wonder what the draw will be after summer when slushies become less appealing. A mulled spiced wine or something could be good.They had a flatbread on the menu (the only available food). I asked about it at about 9:30 and our waitress said she'd have to see if they still were making them. Never heard back from her so I am guessing they weren't. It'd be nice if they had more nosh options, made the food later or at least were clear about when they stop.The ambiance is great although the spot is a little big. There's outdoor seating, plush couches and a pretty bar on the first floor. However, sitting on the second floor was really empty and weird. The location is just too big to offer the cozy vibe it should have, but maybe it'll be better when it's busier. There was great live music!I'll definitely back and have high hopes that it can improve to a 4 or a 5!
Freshii is a blissful combination of Chipotle, Sweet Green and Chop't that I could only dream of in my wildest fantasies. AND IT IS HERE IN MADISON! The menu includes salads that they will also assemble as wraps, interesting "bowls" (Asian inspired teriyaki, Mediterranean, etc), burritos, smoothies/juices and Froyo. This is healthy and delicious fast food and even better, it's decently priced! Everything can come with your choice of protein. There are some uniquely awesome options like falafel so you will never ever get bored.I got the Fiesta salad as a wrap and never wanted it to end. The greens, corn, AVOCADO, black beans (I'm picky about black beans but these passed my test), cheese and pico de gallo went together perfectly. I added STEAK, which I was nervous about but wasn't disappointed. So impressed by the quality flank steak in my wrap; this would be served at a legitimate sit down restaurant and still be impressive. Also impressive: the steak wrap with a can of coke zero rang up to $11.I'm only in this neighborhood if I have to go to the mall or a store nearby, so I really wish there was a Freshii in Fitchburg or downtown (can you imagine how successful it'd be with UW students?). I could totally see myself driving 15 min out of the way for this though, and will definitely be popping in anytime I'm on Gammon Road! AND DREAMING ABOUT IT EVERYDAY!
I only drink coffee when I absolutely need to and I think it all tastes more or less the same. This review is for the other stuff, but apparently if you're into coffee (I'll never understand) you'll like Colectivo.The smoothies are delicious and super creative! Ginger with tangy fruit? Genius! I've also loved their scones and breakfast sandwiches. The only thing I've eaten that I didn't like was the granola. It was pretty expensive and just didn't taste that great in my opinion. Apparently the BAKED granola is wonderful.Sitting outside in the summer and observing the Farmer's Market is an ideal Saturday morning activity. WHY DOES WINTER EXIST? Ugh
Just woke up from an OSS induced food coma that lasted 2 days. Worth it? I think so!I love restaurants that take one classic item and put fun, creative spins on it. I call it novelty food. Hot dogs are already full of fun so OSS' crazy versions are just about as fun as it gets. Keep in mind that there's not much else on the menu, although you'll find a good selection of beer, cheese curds and fries. I got the deep fried bacon wrapped hot dog and my roommate got the banh mi hot dog. We split the poutine. I hate to say this but I think my hot dog was a little too decadent even for me; I couldn't finish it but the first few bites were awesome. Poutine had good gravy and a very generous amount of curds but the fries were a little too crispy for my liking. Will have to try to banh mi next time because I heard it's great! Recommend OSS if you want something different and fun! Just make sure you have time for a food coma!
The food is very good, so I feel bad giving fewer than 4 stars. This is actual authentic Italian food, which isn't that easy to come by in the Midwest (sorry people). Everything from the pasta to the pizza to that baked cheese appetizer is great.The ambience is really nice too! I like the raised area for tables. A few issues that made me consider giving three stars:- horribly slow service. there were maybe two other occupied tables on a weekday evening but we were still basically ignored.Took forever to order, get our drinks, etc.Like an absurd about of time for things that, unlike food, have no reason to take a long time.- NYC prices in Madison. I get it, you're a good restaurant, but you just won't be successful when there are plenty of other great places that are much more affordable. Seriously more expensive than A Pig in A Fur Coat and Heritage...
Never had a problem here! Staff always polite and helpful. Get in and out quickly. Not sure what people expect of a USPS :)
I love this store! The only reason I'm giving it 4 and not 5 stars is because the prices have gone up recently and in my opinion things are starting to cost more than they're worth (especially since they probably bought everything for dirt cheap overseas).Still, if you like funky decor or jewelry, this is a must visit shop. Basically everything in my apartment is from here or Earthbound across the street. They have awesome textiles and curtains, interesting lamps, boho jewelry and even some furniture (there's more at the Monroe street store). I've bought beautiful pillows, scarves, mosaic mirrors and blankets just to name a few things.
Did the champagne brunch cruise. The staff was really nice and it was a fun afternoon. The food was a mixed bag - some of it very good some of it mediocre. Great service, the mimosas kept flowing! Overall, it was a fun afternoon with friends and I would definitely recommend it as an activity. Would like to try one of the other cruises.
I got take out from Melly Mel's and IT WAS SO DELICIOUS that I am already planning my next meal from there.Thanks so much to all the yelpers that convinced me to try this place because I never would've heard of it. I also never would've found it if someone hadn't posted that it's located in the basement of Genesis something (go through the side doors). I have to admit that when I got to the address, I thought I was in the wrong place or that someone was playing a cruel prank on me.I ordered chicken and waffles, which were ready by the time I arrived. The woman who worked there was soooo friendly and nice, which always makes ya like a place a little more.I was full of anticipation during the car ride home because the food smelled so so so amazing. It tasted even better. The chicken (came in wings btw, which I wasn't expecting so if you want thighs with your waffle specify that on the phone) was so perfectly cooked and seasoned. I can't even describe it but it's on my short list for best chicken wings/fried chicken I've ever had. Can't wait to go back and try the non-wing fried chicken to see if it's just as amazing. The macaroni and cheese was also really yummy.I'll be back :)
5 stars for one of the most brilliant things I've ever tasted: the Madison Shop Dog.The combination of flavors that hit your palate when you bite into this hot dog is artful. It makes you remember that the best dishes take clever calculation. Do I sound ridiculous for describing a hot dog this way? Try it. I really think this could be on the menu of a top notch restaurant in Chicago or NY as a playful, creative spin on a hot dog. The sweetness of the onion jam perfectly contrasts with the salty bacon, cheesy sauce and crispy on the outside and mushy on the inside tater tots. This ingredient really ties everything together in my opinion. I typically don't even like tater tots but the Wiener Shop's taste great, particularly in this hot dog.The other specials are good, but I don't think anything can top the Madison Shop Dog. It's one of my favorite "dishes" in Madison (for perspective: it's up there with Tornado Room's steak sandwich and Sardine's baked creamed eggs).
Natt Spill is fun and kind of different. I'd recommend it more for grabbing a drink and a snack than for getting a complete meal.The vibe is kind of hip but also low key. The front looks like a somewhat nice bar and then there's a back cove area which is a little cozier. I didn't dislike the food, but the menu isn't exactly cohesive...pizza and Asian cuisine. We split a pizza and one of the chicken dishes and had a nice time. Definitely a plus that most items are shareable.Overall, I give 4 stars because it's something different. Probably wouldn't go everyday, but it's a nice spot to hang out with friends when you're sick of your usual places.
I live close to the plaza and use the street to avoid bad weather when walking to work. I also find the Latino food in the plaza quite affordable and delicious.  However, the street needs to be re-designed and does feel outdated. It has a lot of potential and hope that the city's plans to rejuvenate the plaza are successful.
I found is coffee shop rather pleasing. They have a no wifi policy which is understandable. The coffee itself was tasty and will be going back.
Had my first reading with Mystic Mona this morning and was totally blown away. Her reading was dead on and she gave me some of the best advice I have ever received. She even recorded the reading so I could play it again to refer to in the future. Will definately tune into her radio shows now!
I have never had a bad meal at this place! The breads are to die for and the sauces are amazing! However the best thing on the menu is their Rice Balls! One of our top places to go!
This is the WORST property management company I have ever been with. The house was not fully cleaned when we moved in (marks on walls, carpets dingy, etc) and we made note of the damages when we moved it. When we moved out we requested to be present at the walk-through and they refused to have us there. We paid a $1400 deposit and only received $94 back?! The manager, Valerie, refuses to call us back. This company is horrible! They also require a 6 month inspection of the property and will comment on the way you keep house. DO NOT go through this company!
I cannot say enough amazing things about this place. The food is AMAZING! The beet and goat cheese flat bread is so yummy! Not to mention the waffle sandwich with ham and rosemary bechamel! The service is always fantastic and it's totally worth heading up to Anthem!
Firefly is my favorite place in Vegas for dinner... If you love tapas, or have never tried it, this is the place to go. You can make reservations online or call the restaurant ahead of time to reserve seating. I love their Shrimp Ceviche and Empanadas! Draw backs to this place- it's a small venue, so expect to be packed into a small table and the service is hit or miss. Otherwise, the food is awesome and worth the trip off the strip!
This place is in our neighborhood, but I would rather drive miles away to have better sushi. We got there at 3:05pm and saw their sign for Lunch All You Can Eat for $19.99 and confirmed the price with the waitress... we sat down and the waitress took our order. The sushi was pretty bad (I've had better from Smith's deli) and our bill was for $55! She said since we got there 5 minutes after lunch that we were charged for the dinner price. It was our fault for not asking, but she should have mentioned it when we ordered.
2 words... Osso Bucco. Best in town! Wait, best ever! I usually have to call to see if they're offering it for the night, but it's phenomenal! No joke. It's fantastic. I don't even like eating meat, and I will crave this dish! Antonio and Rudy behind the bar are amazing mixologists and have created some of the coolest cocktails I've ever had!
I love this place! The sushi is awesome and the prices are so reasonable! They have a great variety and good service! The one thing I hate, is the wait! It's a small venue and always busy, but totally worth the wait!
Yum! This place is our new favorite breakfast spot! Everything on the menu is awesome! The prices are a little high for a breakfast joint- but totally worth it! The staff is super friendly and the decor is very cute!
My favorite Las Vegas sushi place! Their DD roll is awesome and so is their service! Only draw back is their prices... it's worth it for the quality though!
I was super surprised with this shop! I've had my eyebrows totally screwed up in the past by horrible threading so I was a little nervous having them done by someone new. Laura did an amazing job! She kept my natural arch and my eyebrows look great! Threading is practically painless and won't damage your skin like waxing can. Arch is right down the street from my house and there is never a wait!
Hands down, best New England Clam Chowder in town! The only draw back to this place is the fact that it sits in the middle of South Point Casino.
I would not trust any other salon with my hair! Sara is awesome! The salon as a whole is not only good looking, but so helpful and friendly. Sara took me from a brunette to black, to bright red and then to blue! My hair is in great condition and looks fantastic!
This is my favorite lounge spot in town! Tuesdays is locals night and they offer 1/2 off appetizers and cocktails. I love their Sailor Jerry Babylon Spice! This is a great place to chill with friends, hang out before going out, or even grab a great meal. Their food is awesome and has a great selection of Greek / Mediterranean and Italian fare.
This may be the only shop in Las Vegas that I trust my skin with! The shop is family owned and operated and the most down to earth crowd I've ever met! They even do special events and art shows to support the local community.
RA's Happy Hour is the best thing about the sushi restaurant... Their Vegas Roll is to die for, but their non-happy hour prices are very expensive. This is not the greatest sushi restaurant in Vegas, but not bad for the Strip. The decor is nice and their service can really be hit or miss.
This place rocks! I found a quote to replace my windshield from their website and when I called the manager, Chris, said they would do it for less and have me out the door in less than an hour. I waited less than 20 minutes and my windshield was finished. These guys are awesome! Best deal in town with the best customer service!
much has been said already about this joint.  i just got a few more things to add.veggies are fresh.  washrooms are clean.  service is not too bad at all.  for an all you can eat type of place there was only one sweet dessert and shrimp crackers!!!  my daughter who came with us ate only a little bit of food and so when we got the check, the waiter asked us if she ate anything, we said no, not that much and so we did not have to pay for her.  this was a nice touch i think.  the soup base was very good, full of herbal ingredients that is good for the heat that you are ingesting because you are eating hot pot type of foods.  DO  NOT go to this place if you wear nice clothing!  your hair and clothes will be smothered with this spicy smell that is all over this joint.
i agree with the other reviews about bailey nelson.  a good range of frames for everyone and this includes sunglasses with or without polarization.  i do wish they had more brighter colours like white, they have a few but not too many.  they had a few off cream ones but they were more for women rather than men.  i was shocked that i could get a pair of amazing looking frames with prescription, transition and prorgressive for about $350 canadian and remember folks, there is no tax on eye wear.  the staff said that the frames are made of acetate and that they were hand made in italy or hand finished.  the staff were indeed not pushy at all.  the inside looked amazing.  very minimal, a few nice looking plants.  i will be back for sure.  this is good value for your money.  you cannot request lenses by let's say nikon or essilor etc...they do their own lenses and their own coating.  this is how they save on money i guess.  i guess for the eye wear nerds this won't do.
i love these guys.  falafels are made to order.  what i mean by this is that the falafels are scooped up like ice cream and then deep fried.  you get 4 per sandwich!!  ingredients are generous.  chicken and pork shwarmas are also made to order.  they do not pre-cut and have the meats laying on some tray.  they cut enough for an order.  service is great.  the servers may look cold and intimidating but they are cool guys.  i freaking highly recommend this joint for some wholesome food.  hell, eat here before you go to fairview mall.  why pay the excessive prices of the food court?
service is great but the food is not that spectacular.  it's your typical hong kong style cafe food.  i ordered a ham and cheese sandwich  and the waitress asked me if i wanted the bread toasted or not.  i said no because they charge you a quarter for toasted bread!  like w.t.f.?  the sandwich came on a platter with no garnish.  the cheese was processed.  the wife ordered a pork cutlet bun which was better than my sandwich.  i don't know....there is just something about this place, i won't come back here again.  there are better places for this type of food in scarborough.
the place is very clean.  the fish i had was very fresh and the batter was very crispy.  we also ordered the chicken pie which was good but the pie was taken out of the fridge in front of us and taken to the cook to be heated up.  nothing special about the pie, a bit expensive in my opinion.  it cost more than the fish.  chips, fish and whatever has to be ordered separately.  we did get free slices of brown bread with butter on the side.  i just wish that they give a bit more on the plate than just a fish.  weird.
great customer service.  staff and owner alike.  all smiles.  closed on tuesdays.  the do benefit plans.  if you don't see something there, they can always order it in.  just tell them what you are looking for.  any models can be ordered in.  the same with prescription glasses.  i had these pair of sunglasses where i wanted prescription put in.  they did it for me and recommended these nikon lenses.  it was a pain to do this and the first time around the plan did not work but la silmo sent the glasses to a second place at no cost to me!  i am super happy with my glasses now.  i really appreciated this and i will always come back to la silmo for both sunglasses and prescription.  la silmo makes you feel at ease and at home.
i would never go back to this place again.  we spend about $43 bucks for some skewers and noodles.  it's very expensive  and the portions are small.  we ordered a seafood noodle dish and the noodles were instant noodles!!!  you can either have the kitchen grill the skewers for you or you can grill the skewers yourself right in front of you.  there is a neat little grill set into the table and the grill rotates your skewers for you.  it's an electric grill.  we actually ordered some shredded tofu, some corn, the noodle dish and the skewer platter.  4 items.  if we ordered more we would have paid even more and i just wanted to minmize the damage to my wallet.  i barely ate anything because my wife and my daughter were starving and so i let them eat most of the food.  another strange thing was that the place did not serve any drinks whatsoever!!!  not even water, i had to ask for water which came from the tap.  just terrible service from the waiting staff.  this is a mainly mandarin speaking crowd.  i had a terrible experience here and i could not wait to get out!!!!!!  what a waste of my money!!!
great value here.  i ordered the cheese and veggie sandwich which was only 4.99.  you get a piece of paper, you tick off what you want on the sandwich and voila!  you get three slices of cheese and generous amounts of veggies!!!!  it was perfect.  service can be a bit slow but just be patient.  it's not a race, ok? slow down people.  i will from now on go to this place whenever i am downtown in the east end of things.
this place has very good dim sum.  it's a small place, frequented by seniors that live across the parking lot.  booking a table for dim sum is pointless.  come and wait in line or share a table.  the dim sum they serve is worth the wait.  the dim sum is very cheap but this does not mean that cheap is bad.  this place is a hidden gem.  wait till lunch is over and there will be plenty of tables.  the pork siu mai is very good.  not greasy and plump.  dragon's feet is good too.  they do dinner too but i have never done dinner at this place.  washrooms are downstairs.  this may be an inconvenience to the elderly.  service is ok.
i love this joint.  really down to earth people.  the pho and the broth is minimal but good. less is more.  no funny dry mouth feeling because of the the msg.  tons of bean sprouts and the herbal lettuce stuff.  fast service, most of the times.  the prices are very reasonable.  it's a small place but it's big enough.  just go after lunch.  the menu is not that big which is a good thing.
this joint is really two restaurants in one.  one side is the korean style bbq the other is a really interesting, a mixture of hong kong style and szechuan style and something in between.  all good.  they serve breakfast and lunch.  amazing prices and waiting staff.  it's very spacious and the food comes to you very quickly.  their hong kong style tea is one of the best i have ever had.  i have had a lot of them and this place really serves perfectly made hong kong style tea.  they have set lunch menus that start from $4.99 to $6.99, they include a soup and the aforementioned tea.  the soup is freaking awesome too.  actually there are two kinds of soups, get the spicy tomato soup.  washroom is pretty clean.  if you want to go for a fast lunch that is not too expensive, go here!!!   oh....i forgot to mention that the food is cooked with a lot of ingredients and spices, you can really taste the different layers of spices and flavours.  go!!!!
what else is there to say?  it's patagonia!  if you want to save money, go to the store every year around february and you will find a lot of stuff on sale for 50% off.  it's worth the wait.  for traveling i recommend the nano puff range of vests or jackets.  these are ultra compressible and are very warm.  friendly staff and eventhough the stuff is on sale, you can still return the merchandise for a refund/exchange.  support!  parking could be a problem.
i had a great experience at the store.  please note that they are not on alcorn ave anymore, rather, they are on yonge street now.  1230 yonge street.  if you find that you are not getting through to them when you phone them it's because they are busy with customers. be patient.  they can do custom orders for you.  they also do repairs.  they can resole your sole.  nice people that own the store.
a great alternative to starbucks.  a typical millennial cafe joint.  young adults on their laptop and smart phones.  a good selection of food both breakfast and lunch and dinner?  friendly staff.  cozy interior.  prices are decent.  a medium mochawhatever goes for $4 taxes in.  yeah, i am a fan of this place.
great food but a bit dirty if you ask me.  i have been here many times and on my first time i was here i found something disgusting on the floor which i cannot say here.  i have not seen the same thing again since that day and i have been back here many times.  the service is okay.  the food is piping hot.  you get a mix of korean and chinese food here.  the menu is not very helpful, no pictures.  they use english but it's not very helpful in describing the item.  everything is good.  even the appetizers.  this place may be a bit hard to find since it's set inside a smallish plaza off the main road.
this place was one of the very first place to open up mainland chinese style rice rolls.  hong kong style is different, hong kong style has a thicker skin, mainland style is thinner and way better.  this place also offer the usual congee style.  the rolls pretty good.  portions are about right.  if you ask for the chinese doughnut stick rice roll be prepared to get stuffed :  the thing is freaking huge, i mean you get a lot.  there is not a lot of parking during the usual lunch time hours both during the whole week.  go after the rush.  customer service and toilets are what you expect from chinese resaurants.  it's pretty clean, they have an open kitchen.  table was a bit sticky for me not because of dirt or whatever but it was just sticky to the feel.  the sauces seem to be pretty fresh too, same for the sesame etc.....go!
yep, a ok.  service was not all that great.  the food was okay also.  two times the waiting staff forgot to get us something.  two glasses of warm water and then my innnocent glass of coke.  it was busy but they had a ton of waiting staff running around.  also twice i heard plates being dropped on the floor.  i have never ever heard plates being dropped by staff members during dinner time.  i don't think that i got all that band for my buck for the food we got served.  very little vegetables came with our meals.    this will be my last time going to the keg.
it's not the same lotus pond.  new management.  the food is not the same anymore.  it's very greasy and they kitchen uses a lot of canned products.  you can tell.  service is okay.  we used to go there a lot but have stopped.  we are vegetarians but this place is really bad.  all the original waiting staff have left.  too bad, i really miss the old lotus pond.
great service, great lunch menu.  they are now in a new place next doors.  it's bigger now and more spacious, not so cramped.  decor is modern.  waiting staff are great.  courteous and everywhere.  the food is of course freaking amazing.  i advise you to book a table ahead of times if you plan to go to this place at night.  book it.  this joint is one of the better sushi places in scarberia.
yeah, ok.  very small portions.  tons of waiting staff on hand.  open kitchen is nice.  they even gave my daughter some dough to play with when we went up to their window.  we had some dumplings and the skin was very thin with lots of proportionate filling.  we also had some noodles in soup with some beef.  the noodles were pretty good.  hand made, you can tell.  i just thought that you did not get a lot of food on your plate for the price you pay.  the food is pretty darn good.  nothing frozen, freshly made.
i love this joint!   you want one of a kind original clothing that no one sells but here?  come on down!  the staff are passionate about the stuff they carry.  you can feel it.  great service too.  i would not hesitate to come back and buy some more stuff.  parking can be a problem.  highly recommended!
food is actually not that bad.  the shrimp tempura was excellent.  the waiting staff was atrocious.  super slow and just brain dead.  the only person who cleaned our table was the manager!  the desert menu is very small.  the also did not have a lot of the stuff that was advertised on the menu.  i did like how they made the maki rolls with real japanese rice.  we paid about $71 for two adults and a 4 year old, tips not included.   the decor is pretty awful.  the chairs were very ugly.  it was very dark inside.  we sat near the windows so that helped a bit in terms of lighting.  i will never come here again.  sorry!
yep.  one star.   we went on a sunday, around 5 pm.  the service was absolutely the worst i have ever seen in a restaurant.  it was not busy and we had no one to greet us or showing us a table.  we waited for 5 minutes before someone showed up.  the waitress took forever to show up and take our order.  i am never ever coming back to this particular boston pizza franchise.  can you imagine when this place is busy?  i dread the thought.
it was too dark for me.  the booth seats were horrible, very very uncomfortable.  i could not sit still, i had to get up every so often.  there were not enough waiting staff imo.  our waiter seemed not that knowledgeable about the menu.  he forgot to mention a few things that were free for my daughter.  i had to ask him!i will never come back here again.  sorry!
lots of vintage stuff here.  matt knows his stuff.  he knows the details.  the reason why.  vintage denim, vintage war stuff, helmets, navy, army etc.....vietnamese scarfs, shoes.  the place is full of knick knacks, you will be busy all day just walking around the place, so much to see and look at.  klaxon howl also has his own brand.  really nice, tailored after vintage clothing.  immaculate details.  don't follow trends, follow your own trend and shop here.  there is only one klaxon howl in toronto.
this branch has ok customer service.  some days it has been very very bad.  terrible in fact.  at times it has been okay.  just the tone of voice makes me want to run away from the store.  guys, hire some energetic people who really want to work and care about customers.  seriously.
this is hipster heaven central for hipster cabbage town.  no bullshit coffee served here.  i don't know how it's there now but back in the days, it was a great place to hang out for a bit and shoot the shit and have a cup of coffee.  a lot of bike couriers hung out here back then.  it was smaller.  they have now opened up the ceiling more and the place looks bigger.  the downstairs washrooms are still the same : kind of nasty but whatever....just do your thing and begone with you!  nothing much to eat although jet fuel used to make muffins and they were great.  justin used to make them.  i really miss the old jet fuel...still a great place for a latte or coffee.
this place is probably one of the, if not the, best vegetarian restaurants in toronto.  they do dim sum too although it can be quite starchy.  they do lunch and dinner.  this place will get very busy when there is a full moon.  reserve when that is the case.  i think they have cut down on the msg but gourmet vegetarian rest uses a lot of mock meat stuff from taiwan which do contain msg.  they make an awesome eggless fried rice which is hard to do without eggs.  the menu can be quite daunting since there is so much stuff on it.  also be aware that some dishes are really the same but cooked in a different way or made with a different sauce.
i love this joint!!!!  the pork bone soup is such value for your money!  the bim bim bap or whatever is perfect.  not too much rice and the perfect amount of veggies and meat.  that red sauce is to die for.  so appetizing.  i have not tried the rest of the menu but i will.  two thumbs up for this place.  it's inside first markham place in the food court.
when you enter this store you feel at home right away.  no pressure sales tactics here.  andrew will let you try out all the glasses.  he has a lot of vintage eye frames  on top of very recent new frames from super cool new designers such as claire and oliver goldsmith and res/rei to name just a few.  a very broad selection of lower priced frames to higher priced frames.  andrew knows his stuff.  he knows about the different types of lenses that you can buy and he will tell you if a frame suits you or not.  he did an amazing job fitting my glasses for me.  andrew really cares.  i will come back for my next pair of oliver goldsmith glasses for sure.  oh yeah, parking can be a pain in the arse if you come from uptown to downtown.  eye exams on sundays.
a great store away from hipster central.  you get the well known brands and some not so well known which in my opinion is better.  who the hell wants to wear something that others are wearing as well?  the prices are right on point too.  i saw a jacket that was like $50 cheaper than this upscale store in the yorkville area.  a very relaxed atmosphere, no pushy sales staff.  lost and found tries very hard to stock up on good and lesser known brands that no one has.  support entrepreneurship people!!!  check this joint out.
bunch of good guys selling street wear inside pacific mall.  obey, diamond, stussy, penfield, red wing, native and new balance are some of the brands sole stop are selling.  prices are fair.  jordan brand sneakers can be found for sale on consignment.   i rather go here than make a trip to congested downtown toronto if i wanted to buy some shoes, hats or sneakers.  support!
i went for dim sum at this joint.  i liked the fact that they did not use any of them taiwanese mock meats and stuff....you know what i am talking about.  they make their own vegetarian dishes and the dim sum was pretty decent.  not that greasy and i did not have a dry mouth when i got home meaning not that much msg was used.  the place is nicely decorated and it's got a great ambiance to it.  the washroom was pretty clean and modern looking.  it's an upscale place and so the prices of the dishes reflect this.  the waiting staff are ok, kinda slow if you ask me.  the manager also was a bit weird.  we were asking for some vinegar and more but he just sped off to another table and we could only ask him for the vinegar!   he just walked away without hearing our requests.  presentation of the food was pretty good.  i would come back here again.
it's kinda expensive here.  food can be very starchy.  i am talking about the dim sum stuff or dumpling skins....doughy and chewy.  everything is made freshl though.  service is okay, very courteous.  this place would not be my primary choice for chinese vegetarian food.  i go here once in a blue moon.
great customer service.  i went to the store because i wanted them to order a jacket for me which they did.  no questions asked.  no deposit needed either.  this is amazing.  i am going to order another jacket for this winter from them again.  they stock all the major outdoors products gear.  friendly staff that smile!  parking can be a bit of a pain in the rear end.  be patient.
horrible experience at this store.  staff were obnoxious and showed no interest in helping me.  i will NEVER go back to this store again.
i did not like this one bit.  below par food quality.  terrible service by the owner, no waiting staff.  lunch specials are ok.  nothing fancy.  i would avoid this place at all cost and you should rather go the sri lankan take out joint a few doors down the road at the same plaza.
went there for the first time this summer.  busy, lots of parties going on.  service was pretty good.  i just thought that everything was cheesy.  so fake.  the decor is just dreary and pathetic.  the food was okay but the worst part was that when i came home i was just very very very thirsty!  i drank 2 L of water to quench my mono sodium glutamate induced thirst.  i have never ever experienced this before.  i will never come back here again.
you want one of a kind original stuff to wear?  come here.  i love the location, away from the maddening crowd that is downtown toronto.  not much parking if you drive.  i would take the street car get off at queen and parliament and walk a bit west.  i love how the shop looks, very minimalistic.  what brands do they stock?  just go online and you will see what they sell.  there are two levels.  the staff was nice and helpful.   if i were still single and not married i would splurge all my dosh here.
friendly and knowledgeable staff.  you do not feel intimated at all.  no pressure to buy anything.  you can sample all the juices they have for sale in the store.  the prices are a little bit high, just a tad but for this you have the luxury of tasting the e juice and ask any questions you may have.  the store stock anything from starter kits to advanced mod kits for the veteran vapers.  the store looks very clean and i do not see any knock offs, you can check out all the gear yourselves.  i will be back for sure.
yes, it is sometimes understaffed but the food is absolutely amazing!  i know when the food is good when i come home and i don't have to drink 2 gallons of water to quench my MSG induced thirst!!!!!!   i drank the whole bowl of pho soup and i felt fine afterwards when i came back home.  i have had only the pho noodles and the rice rolls with pork inside it and both were very yummy!!!  the sauce was perfect but one thing i did not like which is not a huge deal but i still have to mention this  was the the bean sprouts that comes the pho was already cooked/boiled.  this is mistake.  the cooking of the sprouts changes the texture and the taste of the sprouts.  all you millennials have fancy smart phones, right?  go on them while you wait for the food!  it will be worth it.
this is a great little mall that only a few know about i think.  the food court is one of the better ones in scarborough.  it's clean and the washrooms are clean.  there is also a chinese supermarket that is amazing as well.  the vegetables are very fresh and so are the fruits.  as i have mentioned before, the food court is very good.  it's packed at lunch time and around dinner time because the locals buy a lot of set dinners from the food court resaurants.  the set dinners include a soup and a big serving of rice on top of the food.  on statutory holidays this is the mall that you should go to without any line ups and parking problems.  i love this mall!
yes, a great place but super duper expensive.  huge line ups.  avoid the weekends.  really really crowded.  neat thing is that the patio is being used as an additional space for diners.  it's heated in the winter time and it's very romantic like that at night with the candles they got lit.  they got one of them huge gas lights like they got at those outdoors cafe places.  warm and cozy.  i highly recommend the sweet and sour pork and the more expensive variety of lobster.  don't get the lower grade.  you can taste the difference.book your table ahead of time!!!
this store has a very high staff turn over rate.  i wonder why?  me and the wife went on a quiet monday and there was one girl there who just was terrible in terms of customer service.  her tone of voice and body language said it all.  i get turned off by this so much!   i rather get kiehl's products from holt and renfrew.  their stuff is not cheap but it does work.
orders are done with an ipad.  this means very accurate orders.  orders you will get.  unlike other restaurants.  service is pretty good.  reservations are mandatory.  food is pretty good.  the salmon is very good.  fresh and big portions.  tempura is good too.  the batter is spot on.
the lavender eau de toilette for me, which in my opinion women can also use, is one of my favourite all day perfume.  it stays on your body and clothes all day and it gets better and better all day as the day goes on.  i just love this fragrance, it makes you feel relaxed and comfortable and homey.  the staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable.  lisa the manager is super nice.  ask her for any advice and she is more than happy to help you.
this place is like t and t.  it's around the brimley and huntingwood area in scarberia.  parking is a pain on the weekends.  weekdays is better.  whatever the day, come early.  they open at 8 in the morning.  there is a dollarama and a new dumpling place next door down.  i highly recommend their bbq pork and the roast chicken at their food section.  the chicken is now only sold on the weekends or so i am told.  they also sell freshly made sushi and dim sum.  be aware that most of the staff do not understand or speak english.  the cashiers speak a bit of english i guess.  vegetables are fresh and plenty.  fruits too.
i love this downtown restaurant.  parking can be a nightmare.  you do have to wait for a table.  the staff are amazing.  if you become a regular and you sit at the very front where the chefs make the sushi, the chefs sometimes throw in a free plate of food for you, especially when you are dating and you have your lady friend there with you right at the front.  it's what happened to me when i was dating my girl friend who is now my wife.  the food is perfect and the waiting staff are very friendly.  i never had a bad experience with sushi on bloor.  i would love to go back there.  i have now moved to scarberia and i dread the thought of coming downtown now.  just take your date to this place, you can't go wrong here.
i am a fan indeed.  pretty impressed with the service and the quality of the food.  you order with the ipad.  you get precise ordering this way.  the dessert came with a very tiny plastic throwaway spoon!  too small for my liking.  the dessert was good though.  the waiting staff were pretty good.  not stellar.  some dishes were put on the table as if they did a drive by.  the food was very fresh and came out at a steady rate.  tempura batter was light and crispy and fluffy.  the various flavours were pretty spot on.  oh yeah, the soya sauce looked to me as if they were diluted.   it was not that dark/black brown that real soya sauce looks like.  all in all i was pretty happy to eat here.  i would defo come back here.
what i like the most about ambrosia is that a lot of the times you get amazing deals on various organic products ranging from shampoo to olive oil.  the staff is super friendly and super knowledgeable.  parking can be a pain.  ambrosia is well stocked in everything.  i like shopping at ambrosia, no hipsters in sight!
you order via an ipad so you will get what you order.  the food comes to you in a very timely manner.  food is pretty good.  there is a salad bar for soups, sweets, cookies, seaweed, salad and more......waiting staff was good, friendly and helpful.  i have only one bad thing to say about this joint :  when i came back home i had to drink 3 litres of water to quench my m.s.g. induced thirst!!!!   i can tell you one thing.  i am not coming back here.
i like this sri lankan/tamil grocery store.  they have a lot of authentic products from the homeland.  great service and fast checkout.  they also sell ointments and hair products that are especially imported, they are behind the counter.  ask the staff what they are for.  great little place.
at times they have good customer service and then there are times that the service is pretty pathetic.  when you go to this canadian tire at around 9 pm there are hardly any sales people around that are there to help you.  overall though, i will never enter any canadian tire store unless i really have to.  canadian tire hires a lot of people but most of the times they do nothing and just walk around.
i went for dim sum at this place.  not a huge place.  it's not cheap but you sure get some nice dim sum.   no excess sauce, not too salty, things are very fresh, it seems that they steam/make to order when you put in your order of dim sum.  you can tell by the way the food tastes and by the time the food takes to get to you.  it's worth the wait.  the bbq pork rice roll i got was perfect.  you can tell the rice roll was freshly rolled.  we also got the pot rice.  poh chai fan.  if you know what i mean.  it was perfect.  the pot was made to order, you can tell by the way the rice tasted.  the tea that they served was also very unique.  they only pour in boiling water into your teapot.  this makes a difference in the way the tea tastes.  a server would come by very often to see if you needed more boiling water for you tea to steep in.  waiting staff was good.  they actually smiled and joked around!  we also tried the steamed chicken paw.  this too was done well.  not too much sauce.  not too much garlice and the meat comes loose from the bone very easily.  all in all, this is a hidden gem in scarborough.  not too many young kids.  mainly old retired folks.  it can get a bit loud.
waiting stafff are fast and alert.  food comes to you fast.   book your tables if you don't want to wait for a long time.  do this for thursday, friday and the weekends and any long weekends.  book your table in advance!!!!  the food itself is amazing.  hot and very authentic.  they also have a little room in the basement  don't miss a chance to go there and eat some great food.  highly recommended!!!!
great place for korean food.  staff members are fast and efficient.  washrooms are clean.  place is kind of small.  it can get a bit stuffy when it's busy and the kitchen door is open so that the smells of the kitchen comes inside the eating area.  the place is small.  there are about ten tables or so.  the food is pretty damn good.  a bit pricey in my opinion but hey, we won't eat out here all the time.  i had the single serving of pork bone soup and the vegetables roll.  trust me, this is enough food for two persons!!!!  i will defo come back here to try out the other items on the menu.  they do not take reservations on fridays, saturdays and sundays.  btw, there is a korean supermarket a few doors down.  handy when you want some fruits and stuff.
We visited from Dallas.  Fantastic meal.  We took our kids 10 and 13.  We ordered the beef cheek and lobster appetizers, scallops, cod and calves heart entrees.   All were wonderful and the kids enjoyed it.  We all loved the calves heart- even our oldest who is really picky!   Good portions for the price.   Great meal!
The quality and portion size was not worth the price.  $40.00 for two medium crab legs.  The wait staff  was very friendly.  Our server, Scarlett,  was very friendly and knowledgeable. She made the visit a great experience.
Ok let me explain this five star. First off this won't be long. The food was hands down best Vietnamese food in town! Heard amazing things and when me and my girlfriend showed up for dinner we were equally satisfied when we left. My girlfriend got the fried tofu and spring roll noodle and I got the grilled pork and egg roll noodle. With the fresh lettuce, cucumber, peanuts,fish sauce, herbs, and a very well made rice noodle, hands down new favorite spot to eat.Ok now second off. Not very nice people to be around. Very direct with no smiling what so ever. We literally couldn't even give them a compliment without them blowing us off. But hey I'm a chef and I only count the food these days cause you can't always find good service! Seriously been there two days ago and told everyone I know
Went here for a birthday dinner and it was very avvvvvverage..... the wait staff was not trained well at all for the location and experience we were expecting. The stuffed noodles were not noodles. They were crepes so beware if you order any of those dishes. The meat filling was also not very good it tasted like it was frozen meat pure and just warmed it up. As a chef I always expect more out of places than I should but I can't help but criticize this place a bit. Maybe I ordered the wrong things but it is what it is for my experience. Not sure if I will ever return.
This guy had a hard deal to try to put on some pre cut films onto my head and tail lights. But, he killed it and did a fantastic job! Nothing but five stars what a great company!
These guys suck at the service department. How in the world does it take 1.5hrs for an oil change i made an appointment for!? Never coming back. Beware they say everyone has to wait 1.5hrs no matter what. Go somewhere where the workers know what their doing
If you're a vegan this place is must have. The atmosphere is cozy. The staff is very knowledgeable about vegan needs. I got the cheese crisp and bounty burrito phenomenal!  Definitely coming back!
This place seriously just took my order for delivery, charged my card taking my last $15 (hard times) only to call me back 30 minutes later saying they don't deliver to my street!!!! So my son and I won't eat tonight because these idiots can't properly train their staff by having a list of 'do not deliver to ' streets!!!  Thanks wise guys!!!  I'm literally in tears wondering how I'm going to feed my kid tonight...
Had a late lunch here with my family, service was great.  Server was very helpful with food choices and even brought out some free samples of their new apps and desserts!
Love this location, food is always good.  They don't skimp on the taco fillings.  Love the staff here, always friendly even if their english is not very good.
I love this location.  Went in yesterday, had ordered with the app earlier in the day.  Wings were hot and ready at the time I had requested.  Always get great, friendly service from this location
The pancakes were amazing best that we have had anywhere. They are soooo..... huge there were 3 of us and we barely made a dent in them. And had nothing to do with lack of tastyness. I look forward to trying out other menu items everything that came out of the kitchen looked fabulous.  But make reservations or you could be in for a long wait.
Very friendly. Worth the drive off the strip, great attention to detail for a clean simple food.
The Cleveland Shop is an amazing place to find vintage clothing in Cleveland. The prices are reasonable, the shop owner is knowledgeable and friendly and the store is not an overwhelming junk-hole. The store owner separates items by era and style (cocktail dresses, hats, gloves, tops, bottoms) which makes shopping there enjoyable. If you are in Cleveland and are looking for vintage, stop by The Cleveland Shop.
My experience has been horrible. I bought an over priced couch and loveseat and 3 weeks after the furniture was delivered the loveseat was broken. A tech had to come out twice before they would replace it. within 3 days the new piece is in worst shape than the first piece. Now they want me to take pictures of this broken mess and e-mail it to them before they will send someone out again. the sad part is I have to keep taking time off work to meet a tech at my home because they only want to give me a time to meet that is good for them and not me. Now I hate that I wasted my time and money. Anyone that reads this please save yourself the time and headaches.
I'm done done done with guitar center. I'll gladly go there and see what my next bass or guitar will be, but I refuse to buy another thing from anyone there except Sarah. She's the only helpful person there. But I bought this telecaster deluxe and I just open it up this morning after having it for a week or so. it was brand new in the box, but for some reason the guitar cable keeps coming loose
Came here to watch some baseball. We were asked if we wanted to sit on the patio and we said yes that's fine. After being outside, the table next to ours became the smoking table. We asked to go inside and we were immediately escorted inside and away from the smokers. Our waitress, Jessica was top notch. Came around just enough, our drinks were never empty and she was very pleasant. Love B-Dubs.
Best Chinese place in the East Valley. Always great service and even better food. You won't be disappointed in the portions either. LOVE this place!
Had to pick a star but not worthy of 1. Stupid me for moving from Verizon to AT&T, 8 days later back to Verizon but not after being taken for from AT &T. Don't believe what they tell you in store, get what they tell you in writing and Don't give then your phone.I was talked in to getting the 3 lines unlimited plan along with the Direct TV. I was told I would get $250 in credit instead if the Visa Card to buy accessories for a mailer I got when you do the bundle.I was told I would get a buy one get one free for Samsung 8 plus also a 3rd phone for free which was just a cheap Samsung phone that was for the 3rd line.I was told no activation feesI asked for insurance on 2 of the phones.I was told I'd get 100 off once direct tv installed due to wireless install.I was told install would be done the very next day Saturday 8am to noon.I was told would be 214.00/month including direct tv mind you this was before we added insurance to two lines so add $16 take off $10 with auto pay and paperless billing.Ok we fell for it.1st warning should've been that it took from 330pm to past closing to get phones set up due to newer guy didn't seem to know how to port numbers.2nd issue Saturday morning wait for direct tv 8am to noon, no show.  I call was told install was noon to 4pm. I get a call at 2pm we haven't forgot about you. 4pm no show I call yet again to be told our order on hold and now can't be installed for 2 weeks. I was livid a whole day wasted and not even a call so had to call them.I call manager to be told nothing can be done until Monday. I was given to a different manager to be told not until 16th can the do install and I would have to miss work for this.2nd issue come to find out I was being charged for 3 lines of insurance instead of 2 so once again had to reach out to manager and get corrected.3rd issue got a bill 375.00..wth! Reply: you are charge for both phones for 1st few billing periods, how is this free? And how was this not disclosed to me.I was told I was charged activation fees when I asked specifically that question and was told no.This $375 doesn't include my direct bill which is separate...a far cry from my $214.00 quote.So then I get an assistant mgr and associate and they lie about what was said to get me in and the sales rep had the gull to say to me when he told me he remembered exactly that he had done only 2 lines of insurance I quickly backfired with no you did 3 lines and I had to correct...his reply, regardless I know I did the rest as said. He was sweating bullets,red and very unsure of what he was doing I should've walked away then.I tell assistant manager I will be there to cancel as is within 14days. He tells me he'd be there. I come in, big surprise he's not there.A lady who couldn't seem to find our account took about 20min to figure it out.Told us we lost our Samsung 6 we had turned in as they sent off.Charged us $45 restock fee per phone which I understood.Was told we'd have to return all accessories with no monies back.Was told we would only get $54 credit for our galaxy 6 phone.Then customer service tells me I still have to pay activation fees for the 3 lines.They screwed us over bad, all lies and misleading promises.I wouldn't recommend them at all but if you do record your conversation because they will tell you one thing but won't back it up when they Don't deliver.Ok done. No more time of mine wasted on this.
Healthy food choices, generous portions, and reasonable prices. The chef came out to chat with the tables. Family run business. Local gold.
Great venue for a smaller crowd. Went on a Saturday night for underground takeover and it did not disappoint. There was a small crowd which was surprising when I saw how nice their lounge was.
I am beyond pleased with one of your Cab Drivers. She was beyond pleasant and made the ride feel so cozy as if she wasn't a stranger!!!!! Mary Jarrell is a great asset to your company and a great example of what the rest of your drivers should be. We have had multiple drivers on our mini vacation here, but none like her with great customer service. Thank you for having such a person work for you company!
I give this place 2 stars for the ambiance and the service, which for most of the times we went there was good. However, the most important part of a restaurant experience is the actual food they serve you, and that was subordinary. We really gave this place many chances, but after continuously being underwhelmed by the food (no matter what we ordered), we decided that's it, and had to go hunting for other alternatives when we were in the mood for South Asian food. Our verdict is that one is better off trying these places instead:BarBQ ToniteTandoori TimeCafe de KhanThe HostMount Everest Restaurant
In my opinion, the three most important criteria to evaluate a restaurant are:1. cleanliness of the place and the food2. deliciousness of the food3. Politeness of staffReyan Restaurant scores 5/5 on all three. That's why I'm giving the restaurant 5 stars. For someone who cares about the ambiance a lot, one would probably have to subtract between 1 and 1.5 stars, but I always leave this restaurant so happy and pleased, the ambiance doesn't matter to me.1. The gentleman who runs this place respects his customers in two ways: keeping the place clean for them and choosing the best ingredients in preparing their food. If you go to the washrooms, for example, you might be able to find some areas of chipped off paint on the walls, but you will not find a speck of dirt. They are always cleaned so thoroughly as if an honoured guest is about to come to use them. With regards to the food, I'll use the shawarma to make my point. I've ordered both Arabic chicken shawarma and Arabic beef shawarma in the past from Reyan, with a preference for the latter, and I ate the little gourmet sandwiches with confidence and without unwrapping them to check the ingredients. In most restaurants that serve shawarma, I order it on a plate rather than on a sandwich because their shawarma involves disgusting bits of skin and chunks of fat, which I consider a sign of great disrespect for customers. At Reyan restaurant, that is not the case. You get served the best cuts of meat and your food is made with premium ingredients.2. At Reyan, I've learned that you don't have to order shawarma every time you go to a middle eastern restaurant, but instead open your horizon and try the non-fast food items! Whatever I've tried, I've been so happy and pleased with. The lamb here is spectacular, so delicious and tender. I've tried Lamb with Freekeh, Lamb with Rice, and Mansaf Jamid. I love them all, but I'll mention that the Mansaf Jamid is served with Jamid, which tastes like a derivative of yogurt, so if you're not a fan of yogurt, you'll want to go for the first two instead. Otherwise, try  the Mansaf and explore new flavours! I've also ordered Yabrak (stuffed grape leaves with a few other sides) and Malfoof (stuffed cabbage leaves). These are the best stuffed grape leaves I've had in a restaurant. I like them both, but have a slight preference for the cabbage ones. Another favourite of mine is Basmashkat. It consists of a tender thin slice of beef stuffed with rice and ground beef and is served with mashed potatoes and a flavourful tomato-based stew. At serving time, the chef comes to remove the thread that held the beef while cooking so you don't have to worry about eating it! I have also tried a few other items and have been pleasantly surprised, but hope to get the courage to try more new meals. The food is so clean and delicious and makes you feel comfy you're eating it!3. Lastly, the gentleman who runs this place is extremely polite and courteous, which adds to the enjoyment of the food!
We went for dinner this evening, and we came out extremely satisfied with the experience. The waitresses were extremely polite and obliging, we didn't wait too long for the food, and it was so delicious!!! What a perfect dinner! Thank you very much Lisbon by Night :)
This is my favourite Asian restaurant!!! I have never been disappointed in anything I ordered here. The chef is simply a genius. Even something that sounds boring as an 'avocado salad' has a spectrum of delicious flavours. Almond crusted shrimp was another pleasant surprise. Soft shell crab: Oh my! Their mango juice makes me think I'm on a sunny beach. It's so delicious! The service is excellent!
Fantastic meal and fantastic wait staff. One on the best meals I've had and with wonderful service from staff that was gregarious, charming and friendly. We shared the prix fixe menu and it was perfect! The fois gras and lobster risotto were amazing. As were the lamb and sea bass. We will be back again. Amazing meal and amazing time!
An experience in itself and well worth the stop over to browse and eat while waiting for your car wash.  I had a delicious BLT with egg. And the detail on the car wash was fantastic. Five dollar coupon in yelp to top it off for the car wash!
Great place. She did 3 pants in 15' while I wait for it. Quality was outstanding. Can't say enough about her kindness and the price was right. Great people.
Mac King is such a doll. He is hilarious and very talented. Everybody who works there is simply amazing and really take care of you. My now fiance surprised me by proposing at the Mac King Show on 07/04/2014. When he contacted them they said they would take care of everything and that it was a great idea. And boy did they take care of everything. Everybody, especially Mac King, made our day so special. One that we will never forgot. And what was even better, they didn't even want any compensation. They were simply happy to help and be part of our moment. Our friends and families have not stopped talking about it. After I was up on stage with the surprise proposal that Mac King played out so marvelously, we stuck around and really enjoyed the show. Even though I was over the moon that we had just got engaged and couldn't really concentrate, Mac King was still making us crack up and fully entertained. We will definitely come back again.
Horrible office! Hygeneist was unprofessional and rude. She also struggled with tools and was rough.
We purchased a car yesterday and were extremely pleased with our experience. David Lackey was our sales specialist, and Mike Smith was our finance manager. They were both professional and pleasant to work with. We went initially to look at a car we'd seen online, but ended up purchasing a different vehicle. We are very pleased with our new vehicle and the manor in which we were taken care of.
Gary Fritch is the guy to see! We bought a Toyota RAV4 and Gary was with us from beginning to end explaining all of the details regarding the car and the deal. We are very pleased with the car and with the customer service we received from Gary.
Been here a few times. Family friendly place with great food. All fresh and all super tasty! Have not had a bad meal yet and the beers are always awesome! I feel very comfortable at this place and have no complaints.
Haven't been in a while.  Last time we ate there we all got sick from what we believe was old chili.   Friends and family have been and all of them complain of poor service.  I would suggest another spot for a quick bite.
Hands down the best BBQ on the west side! I have ordered for my family on multiple occasions, I have also ordered for large parties (60+ people). the food is always great and very reasonably priced. the employees are nice and knowledgeable! When I do the large catering sizes, the food is always ready to go right when they said it would be. they even help by splitting it up into to groups for me to help with transport etc. I will be back, and I tell everyone to try this place out. I get the pulled pork sandwhich with their home made coleslaw on top! hot/sweet peppers on the side for a little kick! the place is also perfect for kids, very open and well lit.Whatever you do, you must order a slice of the cheese cake! it is one of the best I have ever had!
My wife and i went for a sunday lunch. Once we got seated, got our drinks quick. We ordered burgers for lunch. Wife got fries and a salad with hers and i got onion rings. Both burgers came with bacon... Once the food arrived i tasted the bacon to see if i wanted it on my burger. For the first time in many years i actually had to spit out the most disgusting bacon i have ever tasted. When i questioned the waitress on the bacon, she said it may be the OLIVE OIL the use to cook it! Who cooks bacon with olive oil? Or rancid olive oil! We both ordered medium cooked burgers, both hockey puck patties came more than well done, very dry and flavorless. We could tell the fries and onion rings were frozen and not fresh. Having to pay extra for a side salad u would expect some substance, instead u get a pathetic helping of sliced iceberg with tomatoe and some mushroom slices. im a big guy and my wife is pregnant, so were usually ones to clean our plates, not today, we left with pleanty left over and didnt want any of it for later. My wife and i got home, and both of us within a few hours got diarhea!  Its a shame that such a new restaraunt has already chosen to skimp on quality and flavor in an economy where consumers are willing to pay more when they know something is worth it. The only reason i gave 2 stars is because they comp'd our appetizer and our waitress was nice. Im no expert, but this place doesnt stand a chance if they dont switch to fresh meat and products. I hope they do change their ways because this place has potential.
Killer service, great food (especially the spicy chicken soup) and family owned atmosphere. Been here many times in the last few years, never had a bad meal. I reccomend it to anyone who enjoys Thai food.
This place is great! I have been to many micro breweries, and this is one of the best! their beer is great, and when they do a new unique flavor its not so wild that its not enjoyable! The food is really good, I always get their house wings and a bacon bbq burger! have been here several times, never had a bad experience. the staff is awesome and super friendly... my wife and I even got to see the operation in the back when they were preparing to brew a new beer! met one of the owners who really knew her stuff about the process and their beer! if I ever have a bad experience, ill update this review, but I doubt it will ever happen.
came in on a tuesday night. awesome service, fresh food came quick and cooked perfectly. i got the bacon, avacado burger and it was really good! the wings were really good too. i gave it a 5 star rating because i honestly have nothing bad to say about the place. food was came quick and was perfect. service was stellar and manager came after our meal and asked if he could give our 2yr old a scoop of ice cream on the house. nice little gesture and whole place was just nice. no complaints, perfect score.
The only downside to this place is the little bit.of a wait... BUT, its due to the fresh ingredients and fresh food. The cooks bring u your food. Hands down the best hot corned beef sandwhich in arizona. Have been a few times now and have not been dissapointed yet!
Hand patted burgers with in house ground beef, hand breaded tenders. They also have kiltlifter on tap and a decent happy hour. They are right next to Sun city, so it a little laid back, but service is friendly and fast! The blue cheese crubles are so tastey on the burgers but the blue cheese dressing isn't home made, so skip it unless u like the.more sour blue.cheese. the ranch is normal. We will definately be back. Oh, they also had colering books and crayons for the kids!
We tried the green tea bun and condensed milk bread, both of which were great. The waitress suggested us that the bun tastes best when it was warm, and she was right.
like others, i don't go to Mandarin for an authentic Chinese meal, I go because the quality is good, the selection great, the staff are friendly, they validate parking. Lunch is by far the best deal, and I would not darken their door on any holiday (too busy for me). I don't eat that much, but I get to eat exactly what I want :-)
dropped by for a $30 worth of food, left not much more than five minutes later, hot, FAST!Typical Chinese-Canadianized food does not disappoint, yum.
i heart THE BARREL, as we call it in our house.good prices for the quality, and the selection changes often enough I can be sure to see a neat gadget for the kitchen that I didn't see last time. sadly, it looked very not-busy on my last visit. too bad it's in Yorkdale Mall, though.
I used to like the old HLC for tasty, if expensive, Canadian Chinese food.Since they went out of business, a few franchises have cropped up using the old name. They're still kind of pricey, but the taste and quality is GONE.i was offered a measly 10% discount on my next (nonexistent) order when they screwed up my ginger beef. I settled for a replacement, when I should have insisted on a refund. The pork fried rice is easily the blandest I've ever tried, and after I got my beef, two hours after ordered, I couldn't eat it (and I'll eat doritos, so no food snob me), it was that disgusting.ugh. if I could give it no stars, I would.
there are, i think, THREE Indian buffets on this small block alone, but this is my favourite. they don't have a huge selection, but make my favourite butter chicken in town, best pakoras and fantastic service, polite and friendly. $12 a person for lunch, such a deal!
The young sales guy helping us was fine, but his sales supervisor was a belligerent ape. Old-school kind of sales guy, and a bad listener.Take your business elsewhere.
i've been here a few times with friends, and look forward to going again.really cheap, decent food, a fun, friendly greasy spoon :-)
absolutely awful food. and this is with a buy-one-get-one free coupon. even for six bucks, this was terrible. awful flavour, awful texture, awful quality of ingredients.i expect less in service at a buffet, but our server didn't even show up to ask us if we wanted anything to drink until we were finished lunch (and no, it wasn't busy at all)do not recommend.
i really really want to like this store: it's close to where i live, they (theoretically) have a great selection, and not just for groceries, and they have some of the best prices in the GTA.Unfortunately, the staff lately seem pretty uninterested, they used to be pretty friendly, but the biggest issue i have is with the lack of stock! sale items, regular items, seasonal, non-seasonal, it seems to make no difference. if i go to superstore with a list of ten items, and they're things i can't get elsewhere, there are three items they're out of stock on. it sounds petty, but if i'm not going to get the stuff i need from superstore, i just end up at our (closer) metro.
widest selection in Toronto, though of course, not a patch on big US stores. prices higher than Gwartzman's, sometimes even higher than Curry's, and many of the floor staff appear more interested in socializing than being helpful. distressing lack of product knowledge and experience.if they didn't carry Gamblin, i'd have little reason to go back.UPDATE: DeSerres carries Gamblin now, at the same price as AG.
prices are usually lower here than the other art supply stores left in town, but i'd say that while James is a peach and knows his stuff, only about half the staff are genuinely helpful (and frankly, i could do without the trademark Mr G gruffness). usually some sort of super good deals on odd sizes, weird supplies and obscure brands.
my favourite place in town to buy books, dvd's and comic trade paperbacks.helpful guy at the front desk, great prices and a changing selection.
the absolute worst canadianized chinese food i've had. ever.the ginger beef was rubbery, bland and mushy, and the pork fried rice was bland, bland, bland.we spent a total of $40 for dinner for two. it would have been money better spent at mandarin buffet.blech.
i've only been once in five years living in toronto, and the rude guy upstairs is probably the reason i've never been back.great selection, but customer service is about par for most comic stores, unfortunately.
nice little shop in a corner of the beaches. they don't always have stock, but the young man running the store (whenever i've been there) has great customer service skills.i always drop in to pick up my weeklies when i'm in the neighbourhood.
some of the best customer service ever received in over thirty years of buying comics at a direct store. they always have stock of what i want, and regular sales throughout the year.
an annex destination for me.great prices for used dvd's and discounted comics and glossy coffee table books.the selection changes often, so there's always a reason for me to drop by, and see if something i'm looking for has turned up.
though it is much smaller than the yonge street store, this is my favourite location. UNLIKE the yonge store, the staff is friendly, helpful and polite, and often worth my time to price items against Aboveground around the corner (cheaper at curry's more often than not).
The food is Taco Bell.  Good and cheap.  The cleanliness is usually adequate and I see them emptying trash fairly frequently.  The problem is, though, they are consistently slow.  I don't know if it is that they are always understaffed or the employees need additional training or what, but a simple order of two boxes took almost 30 minutes.  Every time we come here they are slow, and they never offer compensation like you'd expect from a more competently run establishment. West View had a Taco Bell years ago that failed.  I fear with their poor service, this is going to have the same fate.
My family wanted somewhere to get breakfast. This is a cute little brunch place. The service was fast and the staff was friendly enough. The omelette was great, and the pancakes were to die for. Would definitely come back whenever in the area.
This place is seriously amazing. We came here as a team during a tournament. There were 10 of us. For how much we ate, the price is awesome. The service was great.. Shoutout to our server Ozzy. Definitely would recommend to a friend.
dis place so good!! amazing. wow imf. cant say enough about it. Amazing service guy so nice, wife so nice, food so good.Can't wait for the new menu! Sup zayd
Spices are a bit too strong for my taste. Waiting times are usually long. Staff are friendly.
I've been a customer with Yin for many years and have always had excellent and fantastic service and haircut. Prior to meeting Yin, I have fretted about my cuts but Yin puts that all away for me. I am very confident in her skills, her judgment, and she can deliver a style that I ask for anytime.Furthermore, all the staff are very patient, kind-hearted, and cordial with the customers and will provide complementary hair wash and head massage with most services. There is also a massage chair that you can use if you ask one of the staff members for free.
Nothing special about the ice cream. They have some interesting flavours. However, it's the cookie  + ice cream combo that makes things great.Lines are too long however.
Flavours are more to my liking, compared to Khao San Road.Waiting lines *seem* shorter.
Scrumptious delicious pizza with an amazing base and crust from a family-owned pizza. One of the best pizzas in my opinion in Toronto from a very sweet owner!
We used the hot furniture company and the installation was carried out professionally and efficiently. We couldn t have been happier with the staff onsite during installation and I would highly recommend this company based on that aspect of the contract. Leading up to installation was another matter however where I was spoken to extremely disrespectfully when I enquired about information regarding our hearth. This was then followed up by an email where I was told not to take it out on the co owner if I was ' a stressed out mum with a baby ' . Admittedly I had been frustrated at the lack of progress with the hearth and had made my feelings clear by ' ranting ' as the co owner said but I was never disrespectful. When I suggested we would cancel installation based on this the email I received included the words, ' I hope never to hear from you again! '. Not how I expect to be treated as a customer whose expectations were not being met. However, my husband said we would continue if I received an apology, this was agreed but I never received one. We went ahead anyway and thankfully the installation team were superb.
Best thai food I had in a long time. I ordered the chefs special sukhothai entre and my wife got penang curry. Both of them were delicious and can't wait to go back and try something new
Great company to work with ! Greatly recommend! These guys are local and helped me out with my fridge. They were super friendly and priced matched with other local companies. Definitely use these guys for any appliance repair needs!
I've gone to numerous other Italian restaurants in the area and gotten better portions, better quality, and better service for a lower price. The only possible way someone could think that this restaurant has good Italian food would be if they had only been to Olive Garden.
Worst experience I've ever had at an establishment. When you walk in nobody greets you, they just stare at you until you order. It's actually quite awkward. None of the ingredients are fresh, avocados were old and brown, shrimp tempura is soggy, all the fish were dry and had a very strong fish odor to them, this list can go on and on. Just don't go here. Stick to and more well known sushi burrito joint.
Best guacamole ever!  I had the three taco combo.  All were great.  Margaritas were terrific.  Excellent service.  Can't wait to go back.
Its good place for quick food, the staffs always nice and the place always clean.They are super busy always but they have great food. I recommend  order online first. I hope they can delivery.
My regular. spot for my breakfast. I usually get cheese. Spinach. Bacon.egg with asiago bagel. Its sooooo good. Its good for quick breakfast. And I love their bluberry ceamcheese.with chcolate chilp bagel. Their bagel are so soft..yum
Great service and food here.everything is yummy. every their pizza are good. we ordered appl platter, gyro sandwiches, margarita pizza. it was amazing. I would highly recomend this place to anyone.they also have great lunch special and delivery too. One thing! no credicard !! cash only unless u want to pay extra 50 cent.
I love to go there at Happy hour with my girl. They usually have a good service and never dissapoint me.I always order my rgular pasta. Shrimp alfredo fettuchini.
I finally tried Sujeo with some friends. Overall, we enjoyed our dinners, and had great service. The kohlrabi salad was quite nice. However, the mango curry people seem to like was way too sweet. They add palm sugar, which, while not white sugar, is still sugar. The problem is the dish already includes sweet squashes and sweet mango, so no additional sugar is needed. The sauce is already made, so you cannot request it to be less sweet. Others enjoyed a special and a cold noodle dish. I don't suppose we can ever hope for sticky brown rice.
Trust me, this restaurant is amazing. Please try here and you will see what I meant. Reasonable price, great food and customer service.If you like spicy food, here is the best for you!!
This restaurant totally sucks. We were waiting for more than 30min and when our turn came, this restaurant gave other party seats. It didn't make sense at all. Don't go or you have to wait for 1 hour
This pub has a very relaxed atmosphere. I went here with my two young children, and it's nice that you can choose your own seating, I was able to get a table where my kids weren't in any danger of bothering others.I had the Guinness Beef Stew, which was good. Nothing spectacular, but if you like beef stew, it's up to par.Only complaints are that despite the light crowd, our server still forgot to bring us utensils till after the food was served, our toddlers food came out 5 - 10 minutes after all the adults food (most kitchens know to serve the kids food first), and the french fries were luke warm when they came out... didn't seem fresh.The decor is very standard for an Irish Pub, and, although we didn't sit in it, the wrap around patio looks like a great place to eat during warmer weather.
It's a nice place. Very pretty (very), but small. Not really a fun place to bring kids at all, since there's really only 4 display areas, and there's nothing interactive. It was a super windy day when I went, so perhaps the fact that it was crowded made is feel even smaller. I presume that if you're looking for a break from the craziness of the casinos, it's a nice retreat, especially since there's a cafe/restaurant that adjoins it, but we visited during lunch time on a Monday and there was an extremely long line.All in all, a nice place, but not really for families of small children.
This resort if not necessarily "family friendly", but it's definitely a better choice then downtown Las Vegas. There aren't any parks, but there's plenty of space for a toddler to run free without the worry of busy streets or big crowds. We choose this place to stay while we were house hunting in Henderson. We got a great deal on a hotel suite (with a kitchenette). Yeah, it's about 20 minutes away from the heart of Henderson and about 10 minutes away from major shopping (i.e. Walmart, Smith's - grocery) but not bad otherwise.  There are restaurants in the village, but they're pretty pricey. So if you're looking for a nice, quiet, place to stay in Vegas, but still somewhat close to the strip, this is a good choice.
I love this place! I often pick up meals for my whole family on Fridays! There is always a great selection to choose from to please even the pickiest of eaters. They make everything fresh in house and I really appreciate that as a busy working mom who tries really hard to feed my family only fresh whole organic foods. Everyone that works there is so friendly and helpful, which makes it the type of business you want to support again and again. We also hired them to cater our team retreat. They were really creative with the menu knowing we were dealing with various food personalities and food allergies. They did a fresh Mexican style buffet that was absolutely delicious, and everyone loved it!I highly recommend the hungry bee, I am so grateful that I found this place!
I visited the city today for business and some errands...and I found the best Pho I think I've ever had. (And I grew up in SF's Chinatown and had a Korean grandmother who cooked all the time next door, so that's saying something!) The pork was perfectly cooked and marinated. The tea was very good; didn't seem like the drink mix you get everywhere else. (Freshly made? Could it be?) The Bahn Mi? Perfect. The spring rolls? To die for!The service is, well, insane. Tables cleared, people seated, waitstaff is almost TOO attentive. I looked up from eating to find the couple next to me had left already, someone new had arrived, and they were already getting their food. I was almost worried that if I went to the bathroom, all my stuff would be gone when I returned :-)The biggest problem with Superior Pho is they're about an hour from my house, especially with traffic...but every time I visit the city, I'll be there!
I can't get over this place! It's like a farmer's market gone mad in all the best ways. People rushing around, vendors yelling and pushing their goods. It's beautiful! And the wonderful smells!There are so many different vendors and stalls to visit and choose from - I could easily spend an entire day here. And it's the perfect place for people-watching. (Unfortunately, I only had about half an hour to visit while in the city today... but I will be back!)I grabbed about three bags full of vegetables, kimchi, hummus, and probably the freshest steaks I have seen. The vendor said they had been butchered just that morning. (Now that's fresh!) It's a long way from home to go grocery shopping...but every time I visit the city, I'm there!
Had to meet a corporate client in the area who recommended the bubble tea. The tea was average, not like what I remember from SanFran, and it bit sweeter than it should be, IMHO. We got an assortment of buns, though, which were very good. Overall, the atmosphere was not really conducive to a meeting, but it was pleasant.
I'm not usually one to like the Mayfield area of town; the restaurants there have always seemed a little "thrown together". Valerio's is kind of like that; stuffed in a location that doesn't seem quite right for it. I was taken out for a post-christmas date, by an old co-worker. It was nice for a date type romantic thing I guess, but it was a little small and noisy. We both started with the shrimp ravioli, then I had the chicken breast w mushrooms, and my date had the 10oz fillet w cream sauce. The chicken was a little dry but the sauce and mushrooms more than made up for it. My date raved about the fillet.The service was spotty; but probably because the place can get crazy confusing with it's size and all the people they pack in to the space. All in all, I'd come back but I wouldn't go out of my way.
I don't know what it is now...I recently returned from a business trip to Texas and I've been craving mexican food! (So take it with a grain of salt that I'm a newbie to the texmex thing.)I made my friend stop for lunch as we passed and we stocked up on chicken and fish tacos, the carne asada, and some quesadillas. (My friend also got that rice drink...but it just tasted strange to me.) The chicken taco was awesome, what great flavor! Carne asada was also good. The quesadilla was good too - but isn't that just a "flat taco"? (Sorry, but I still am getting confused by the whole mex thing.) The fish taco was just weird...but I don't think that had anything to do with the taco itself. Being a sushi/sashimi girl, I can't seem to get my head around putting fish in a taco.All in all its a great place - with good prices - and now I know where to go when I need a mexican-fix!
Went out with friends after a lonnnng day at work, based on the recommendation from my Mom's GP, of all things. I started with the tom yum, which was excellent...then followed it up with probably the best drunken noodles I've ever had! I also had some of the Thai chicken with curry and it was amazing!I have a brand new favorite place - I can't wait to go back!
One of my favorite after work places! I appreciate the simplicity of the food - in a world where I'm seeing more and more faux asian bistro food, the rice dishes remind me of the simple snacks my grandmother would make for me after school. The soups are great, and the veggie dishes keep my overly-health conscious cubicle mate happy. Her favorite is the broccoli with oyster sauce, and I usually crave the shrimp fried rice (especially late - so get extra and bring it home!) Other reviewers have mentioned the cumin lamb, which is good, but a little overcooked for my tastes. The chili chicken is a much better preparation, imo. Don't miss!
I've been to many Whole Foods and I was disappointed that they didn't have a barista, but other than that it was great. They had a great selection of produce and organics, just like every other Whole Foods I've been to!
The single star is for the few who are true blue, that attend and work there. I am not posting my specific reasons for my dislike for Aerial CLT. Although I have my reasons, multiple reasons, they are not being acknowledged as valid by the owner. I was threatened legally if I expressed my experience with her company in a review. For something that was supposed to be light hearted and fun, it turned into completely the opposite. I stayed as long as I did for the few who I really enjoyed, but just wasn't enough to out weight the negatives in the company. After expressing my issues, and requesting my money back that I literally had just paid for the month, she kept my money, and said it was policy. I guess keeping my $90, threatening me legally for freedom of expression, was worth having an extremely unhappy student. That's good business practice there.
$ pastor tacos every Tuesday, great customer service. The cook is amazing.
This hotel is actually very nice. When reading reviews of this hotel I'm seeing people say; noisy, no microwaves, no coffee makers, no refrigerators, hidden resort fee. They obviously aren't familiar with Vegas hotels. ALL THATS NORMAL.
Good drivers. They always call if the can't find you right away. I do find it curious the last driver I took here in Vegas had a tip jar. Is that ok? *Update* I contacted Lyft and they credited me for my trip and said they were going to take care of the situation. I will give Lyft another try.
Poor service in the lounge. Not at all accommodating! They also made me leave my credit card for dinner, I guess they thought Id run! Not a good experience
Love it , very yummy variety and fresh made sushi!!! Havent been here in years happy to be back
AMAZING bartenders that work here  , great atmosphere love Halo bar! Best Bar in Las Vegas!!!
Love the food and all the different choices on the menu! My friends and I come here all the time!!!!
I go here every once a week with a friend of mine. I must say that the atmosphere, service, and of course the hookah are all great! If you're looking for a nice place to relax and smoke I recommend Mr. Sheesha! Also try the hazelnut latte and the grilled chicken pizza. They are both delicious.
I was a walking-in and since the start they well really friendly. I got the pearl pedicure it was beyond amazing, it was so relaxing I was falling asleep. My new spot to get my nails done , totally going to tell my friends about it :D
Good facility, a bit overpriced and with all of the competition out there,  there are similar places for lower costs
Great place for a pedicure! I've been here 4 times and I plan on coming back for the foreseeable future. The place is clean, very friendly and they do a great job.  I've had a variety of nail techs work on my feet and never had an issue. My only critique is that their fish tank is in need of some TLC. Fish tank was cloudy and you could barely see the goldfish. I used to have a fish tank and understand how difficult it can be to maintain. If they can't maintain it on their own there are fish tank businesses that can help them.
I absolutely love the symphony sandwich. Cream cheese, avocado and alfalfa sprouts on a freshly baked bread can not be beat! They pay attention to quality and service!
Courteous and efficient, staff is great and I have been taking my cars to them for years! They do excellent work!
This place deserves ZERO stars! My family member needed a procedure and while the doctor was nice the office staff was horrible!! They changed procedure dates 6 times over the course of 3 months and denied that they ever changed dates. When my family members shows up for the pre-procedure ultrasound they wanted to do it in a month! They then gave attitude when we were upset. An entire summer of waiting...definitely won't be coming back here......EVER!!!! I WISH DIARRHEA UPON THEM!!!!!
General Tso's Chicken is great! Very tasty, it said it was hot and spicy on the menu. I found it mild enough. It would be a great choice for someone who is just starting to get spicy things from restaurants. Prices are low and portions big :-)
I heard about this facility, so I wanted to give it a chance.  For my first visit at the facility, I met with  their sales rep, Michelle, and we discussed  available services. I heard enough to give it a shot.  I had my first procedure. I wasn't very pleased with the quality of the service, but it wasn't bad enough to make a fuss. I thought I was probably just spoiled by better experiences. When it was time for a second visit, I emailed Michelle asking if I could come on November 7. Michelle confirmed that date and time via email.  When I showed up, I wasn't on the schedule. I showed the staff the confirmation via email from Michelle, so they did accommodate me after a wait.  Last week, I reached out to Michelle via email to schedule BBL. We reviewed pricing, and we again coordinated a date and time via email.  My appointment was confirmed for today at 4:45. I showed up at 4:45, and after approximately a 20 minute wait, I was taken back to one of the sales rooms to pay for my BBL. I paid the $864 for my package.  While sitting in the sales room,  I asked if the staff person would be ready to do my BBL soon. Allison, the sales person servicing me at the time, escorted me back out to the lobby, and she told me she would go ask the staff. I waited in the lobby another 20 minutes approximately.  This is when someone identifying herself as the manager, someone I thought was coming to take me back for my BBL, told me that they are not able to do my BBL today, and that my appointment was only to come in and pay. She said there has to be separate appointments to pay and for a procedure. This is ridiculous. These people are a joke.  Why would I  ask for a procedure by name and drive over a half an hour one way to give you my credit card? That's ridiculous. No one does that. That was clearly not the plan or even reasonable. I'm positive they overbook. They probably just assume people will be no-shows. Michelle and the other women will make it appear as though they care about you as a customer; however, I guarantee they just care about getting in your wallet. After three visits, I'm done with them.  They can't seem to get it together to even schedule me properly. Obviously, they will need to refund me, and I will just take that money to another facility. This market is over saturated, so I have options! They've made a mistake. I have disposable income, and I'm a good source of referral. I've already referred one person over for services.   I'm over it. Good luck if anyone chooses this facility. Do not focus on the fake, cheerful, superficial customer service speak when being sold, focus on the quality of their services and the quality of your whole experience. You will easily understand that this is not the best option. I will tell you from personal experience there's much better out there!!Update----so I receive an email from Michelle after my review posted. It was essentially a "sorry not sorry" email. She lied in the email, and actually took my own health information that I disclosed after the fact and twisted it in an attempt to create an excuse. Then she has the nerve to offer me free Botox!! Clearly she has no idea...she can treat me like trash, be completely dismissive, twist the facts and think that I can be bought with Botox!! There is no way!! Ladies, from my first post, I briefly touched on my first experience being a bit challenging. My injections were not symmetric. My lids were drooping. The person I referred spent $1200 on fillers and had a bad injection experience (again a symmetry issue). Be very careful going to this location. Watch and exam if you get injections! Symmetry is important. Also, question the credentials of the staff and how much training. Just avoid it!!! Interestingly, someone left a great review, specifically mentioning how great Michelle is just after this review---yeah right that seems legit!
i came to Kimlong last night. i ordered 2 beef noodle soups with meat ball. it was very bad. i will never come back again!!!!
this is the best thai restaurant i have never tried it before. My family ordered 5 dishes and 5 of them all good. i recommend u to try the thai style fried rice and the curry. It was so good. i wish i can come back again for my next vacation. i give them 5 stars.
Like many of you, I was initially turned off to trying this place out because of the ridiculous line that stretches out to the parking lot. FYI that line continues once you reach the inside of the establishment for another 15 minutes at peak hours.So what's this place have? All sorts of meat. They also have a salad section, but the workers there look pretty lonely because who craves salad at a meat buffet? The dessert section is also pretty nice. I appreciated the scoop of mint and chip ice cream, and many people partake in the cotton candy post meal. Getting down to the nitty gritty: I'm a rib guy, but the ribs were just average here. When an entree is great, you are already planning on getting your next portion while eating your current portion. No such feelings here. The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC. One thing about the steak though:  I don't know if the steak chef is color blind, or if he simply does not give a flying caboodle. On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate. I could swear my plate was mooing back at me.Also, if you aren't familiar with buffet culture...the clientele can be a little eccentric. If you generally don't see strange people in public, that's because they are all here at GC. Yes the quality was better than Hometown. No the quality was not better than a Vegas buffet/Morongo buffet. For the price of entry, I'd say you come out a little bit ahead if you plan your meal right. I'm not a buffet fan, so I'd come here 1-2 times a year maximum.
Stopped in this place by chance for the first time a few months ago and every time since has been completely on purpose! This time I had the BlueChicken Salad, this delicate sounding salad was amazing! Packed with flavor!  Smoked Blueberry BBQ Sauced Chicken, smoked bacon bits(more like bacon chunks) corn, tomatoes, Blue Cheese Crumbles (more like blue cheese chunks), and sweet fresh plump blueberries all on a bed of chopped romaine!I might guess to say this is the salad they serve in heaven ! Parking can be tricky as the lot is usually full and we usually get a parking spot as someone else is leaving. It is worth the trouble to wait for a parking place. The food score is high, the employees are all very nice and the order first then sit system works very well for flow of open tables. Do yourself a favor and stop in.Don't forget to check out the store next door too!
Situated in a historic building the hubbub of downtown Concord, NC this place is fabulous. Open for lunch hours of 12p -3p so plan your visit accordingly, the dining room fills up rather quickly.  Decorated very nicely and with what I thought was local artists work on the walls.There is a baby grand piano in the front window.The staff is attentive and friendly. They menu has a variety of items from hot or cold sammys, burgers and wraps with something for everyone. The prices are reasonable - They offered several different homemade sauces to top the burgers including the usuals. The sides we tried (homemade potato salad and the hand cut seasoned  French fries) were stop you in your tracks and say Wow good!! The food is top drawer-You should goYou should go
There is a great little Italian Market located in a strip plaza in Cornelius, NC that will have everything you are looking for. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Fresh sweet or hot sausage, and fresh meats as well. Homemade  meatballs, lasagna rolls, antipasto salad and kalamata olives are  only a few of the items in the full on deli case. Beautiful bread selection.  The inside Wall is lined  with olive oils, lupini beans, sauces, tomatoes, wine and dried pasta. Nice Italian cookies, pizzelles and biscotti and more. Hard to find Italian Nougat candies! They will be for my next visit to Ferrucci's !
This Mediterranean restaurant has a D shape to it being situated on the end of a short plaza that makes seating peculiar but okay. Decorated nicely and had traditional eastern music playing softly. The friendly staff was smiling, warm and inviting. The food was very "clean", and perfectly seasoned. The veg too, very fresh. We had a bowl of yogurt dip and some pita while we we deciding on our order, also very nice. The marinated and grilled chicken was really good and the bread used for the Philly cheesesteak made it a cheesesteak to remember. You should try an experience here, it was tasty.
Read the review and decide to go. Limited off street parking but no cause for concern; plenty of street parking available in the Noda neighborhood where this  is located in Charlotte. The blue house on the corner turned restaurant was very clean inside, had nice music playing, and a high food score posted on the wall. The vey helpful friendly staff had good advice on choosing a sandwich and made changes to a sandwich for us without making faces.  Sandwiches and Greek Salad ordered and we sat waiting at a 1950 style Formica kitchen table and chair set to eat! Sandwiches arrived wrapped in brown paper complete with a pickle spear on the side, so so so delicious! Greek Salad was beautifully arranged lettuce tomatoes  olives arti hearts and hummus on crustini bread ! Would I go back...YES! If you are nearby stop in for a bite!
We hadn't been in awhile due to it being a little trek for us to get there. But the last time it was good enough to get us to make the almost hour drive again. The food score is mid ninety's, the hostess was very nice, seated us, and took our drink order quickly. The server came, holding a small stack of stainless bowls, greeted us and asked if we'd been in before. We said yes but it had been awhile; she said we just got a new menu and made some other changes; like the name card so when your bowl is cooked they can find you. I would have been fine with a standup number card to let them know where we were seated, but wait, what happened to standing there and waiting for the grill cook to hand it to you? Another change. Our very nice server then explained about the bowls. At first we thought the bowl was for only the meats/seafood section, but we were told no, it is for  that and all the veggies too. Oh no, I don't take much of the meats, but I love the veg and I feared the new bowl wouldn' be able to access all I chose, it didn't. The sauces were a little confusing to me and with short arms I had to reach to to get a few items. So, after you put what you can in the bowl a cook is waiting to take it from you and get your starch order because these items are no longer on the bar with the other food. Another change. I asked for steamed rice and it came mixed in with my stir fry ...it always came on the side...did not know you had to ask for it not to be mixed in, another change.  It seemed to be overpriced for what you get. We miss the original order of things and probably won' t make the long drive anytime soon.
Sorry but we have been to a few Vegas shows like Le Dream, Jersey Boys and a few others, but for money we paid out it just wasn't worth it, they should of had more acts more action, I could have gone to a strip joint and paid less
Terrible experience.  We ordered through Grub Hub for delivery.  The order was missing potato salad and peach cobbles.  We called the restaurant to advise of missing items & they said we had to order more food & they would throw our missing items in.  I'm sorry, why do I have to pay more to the items I already paid for??  They have us a new phone number to call, we call and guess what?  They refunded us for the missing items.  While grateful to be reimbursed, the point was to get the damn food.  By the way, the food was NOT that good.  Will never order or go here again.
This place is wonderful!   I could eat the Beef Shwarma wraps every day.  People are great, warm atmosphere, good was simply amazing.
Terribly disappointed.  I called in my refill prescription the week of 8/8.  They immediately called me back to advise they would have to order the medication, I said no problem this is not needed until the end of the month.  I never got the call saying my prescription was ready and in a week I completely forgot. Now when I went to the drive through Monday, they said it was not ready and that they would have to order it, ready 2 pm tomorrow.  That was fine, so I returned today and guess what?  They can no longer get the medication from their supplier.  I asked the guy "why didn't you call me like you said you would?"  He looked at his screen and said "sorry". I said you agreed to call me if there were any issues...he repeated his "sorry."  I said you have no options for me and I am due for this medication tomorrow.  He said "sorry."  This place lost me permanently as a customer.  What a terrible experience.  Now I have to go call around everywhere to see if anyone carries this medication, transfer the Rx, and hope I am only a few days late taking it.  This throws off my whole dang hormonal system.  UGH, terrible customer experience and they don't even care!!!
Honey Salt is my favorite farm to fresh restaurant.  The food is amazing on both lunch and dinner menu's.  Sea salt Carmel home made ice cream is to die for!!!Great service, great people, great food!!!
I originally ordered a number 3 and recorded a number 5 after driving off and being on my lunch break I called back and an employee stated come and order and I will fix this issue.  So today I went back and they tell me they can't fix my order unless the owner is there.  Rightfully I was upset but all in all, these employees do not care about customer service and I will never spend another dollar with del taco.  Keep your meal I rather eat with the competitors then a company that steals for people that support there franchise and there kids college tuition.  If I could rate this company it would be -5 stars.  It's so ratchet the guy taking orders is eating foo while talking on the microphone.  When I pulled up to the establishment the shift leader and her employees were outside smoking cigarettes. Del taco you need more professional involved with your company.
Do not trust this company I brought in my 2014 Camry to get an oil change and new tires yesterday. This morning after trying to start my car I immediately noticed that my car would not turn over please do not take your car to this company and they better be ready to get my car fixed because I will prove they messed it up I just recently got a check up from my dealership not even 2 months ago. DO not trust these people they are in the business or breaking your car to get you to come back and spend more money
Anthony was such a big help during  my stay he was kind friendly and on top of his job.  I'm sure he will be the next general manager. Thanks a lot Anthony you made our stay awesome!!! Good job buddy
They are doing something really crazy the gelato is not only tastless but one scoop or two you always pay for two,is'nt  that orrible ?Maybe we should get the two scoops we pay for and just waisted ,the manager says she doesn't make the rules "this is JEAN PHILIPPE!!!TRY TO DO THIS IN FRANCE,LET ME NOW...
It was a beautiful day a bit windy,after a walk around the beautiful 'PROMENADE" we decided to eat something .My husband and I ,we are both Italians..The restaurant was not very busy .They had two table of two outside ,two couples ,one group of seven people,and one table with a party of four inside .The manager or owner with a blue shirt  ,let us pick the table.The restaurant is lovely ,small ,but still very nice.Waiting staff are all hispanic and they make loud  comments on the guy(in the blue shirt)  and call him " the old man" in their own language(not very respectfull in front of everybody )when he is busy outside..I think actually even if he was a little fast asking questions and keept walking not listenig  much of our answers..was the only one taking care of our table.We order two pizzas,sorry to say not very good..the  dishes they served at the table next to us they did not look specials either..sorry.If you  are enjoing  the lake view, watch for the busser ,he'll get your plate even if you are still eating..
We called to make a reservation and from the person that answer the phone we were told didn't need one because was Wednesday..we drove 40 min To get there ..once in we were approached by a guy probably a busser that said the restaurant was closed for the evening ..we said we called earlier to be there at 9 pm..he said again that they were closed ..another person stepped in and walked us to a table..they gave us a free dessert to make up the earlier inconvenience it was a special night for us they just ruin it...We tried four dishes ..the tuna carpaccio was good , the Marssa raw bar platter was good the fried rice was ok but not done properly ..rice wasn't mixed well ..the spicy seafood miso contained 1 shrimp and one piece of crab..not our taste..the service at the table was ok.
This place is wonderful...it is open until 4 AM!!!Pizza is really delicious and if u go for the Happy Hours and after 11 pm pizzas and everything from their bar menu is half off....We really enjoyed dining at fire pits on the patio with our dog...it was like having a mini vacation....we just love it.
In their wedside they point out "emergency..24 hr .."..we called on a Friday around 10 am..we reiceved the service the following Monday around 11 amSam replaced our water heater..the tech was very polite and nice.I believe the cost of the replacement was high but ,being without hot water so long was a pain and we let him proceed..The bad rating is for their absolutely dishonesty about the City permit required .They charge a straight  $200 fee without advising you that the real cost of the permit is only $41..I believe without mentioning the cost of the water heater alone almost $600..not really a name brand..all the parts..2.60 hrs with an extra of $9 for the first hr..labor costs $254.80+9. ..for a total of $1,079.96 was already including a good profit for the company..they didn't need to make it 1,279.96 for that permit costing only $41.If we were told before the installation that $ 200 was not going to be entirely for City fees we would have gladly looked for another plumber.We called the office during the installation they still only mentioned the entire $200 as a permit fees ..on the invoice appears entirely as permit fees..only when we were able to talk to the Building and Fire office we learned the truth.We called back again the Jenni plumber office they finally admit what they intentionally omit to say.We mention to them this is a fraud..the head manager hang up the phone on us ..No transparency..no office customers service..greedy company..I hope nobody else  have to spend this much money for that Permit...
Waited 30 min for a table for 4 at around 8pm. Ordered appetizers: steamed potstickers, agedashi tofu, tempura shrimp, fried vegetable spring rolls, and a Malaysian pancake with curry dipping sauce. Very tasty appetizers. I also ordered the beef penang fried kway teow noodles. It was ok. But I think I was happy with just the appetizers. The sweet and spicy noodles was too sweet
this guy is still trying to pray on women on dating websites.  He is on cupid. He contacted me . I worked corrections I can spot a con like him a mile away. I had no intention of responding but did a little research. Sorry you were conned ladies. The prison Tatoos say it all.
Excellent food with unbeatable service. Best pulled pork in town. Cajun shrimp delicious, Cole slaw best I've had! This our new favorite restaurant.
We just had the most fabulous meal. Best shrimp scampi I have ever had, so fresh and delicious. All desserts are made by the owner, cannolis wonderful! The prices are very reasonable.  We'll be back for sure!
First time visit. Service wonderful. Atmosphere wonderful. Food mediocre. Steak undercooked, fish overcooked, risotto bland and pasty.  Brushetta tasty, but served on stale bread.
First time I went. It was close to my house so why not. I ended up getting a pedicure and a full set. The pedicure wasn't bad, I have had better and worse. Then I went to get my full set. First I wasn't told that the tips I picked out would cost an extra $15, mind you I can buy a whole box of these tips for $3. Then they charged me for a gel topcoat, once again not told. Who even charges for gel topcoat anymore?!?! And I told them I had free nail art with the Yelp checkin, I told her you can do whatever and only wanted 2 nails done. At the end she says $50 for just the nails. I couldn't believe it!! She said normally we charge $5 per nail on 3-d art I said I told you you can do whatever you want I never asked specifically. And a full set is only $25. Long story short they are scammers, they don't tell you the price. I will never return not only cause of the scamming but also cause the work is not worth it. I don't mind paying when the work is worth it.
Absolutely the worst experience I have ever had with a dealership. One kid was helping me I won't mention names but he insulted me more then once and then he told me I wasn't a customer and he could talk to me anyway he wanted to. Haven't called management yet but based on reviews it won't do anything. Do not go there if you have any respect for yourself!!!
If I could give them negative stars I would. The machines don't work properly including the treadmills and weightlifting it's super hot and just all around bad. I will never go there again.
This is our 2nd time going there. First time we had pizza only and it was amazing and the price wasn't too bad considering how big and tasty it was. This time we ordered a few extra things. We got a ham and onion pizza again and as before amazing. I ordered mozzarella sticks, which I later found out we're homemade. They were bomb!! And the marinara sauce to go with them even more bomb. Couldn't get enough to tell you the truth, I would eat the marinara sauce with a spoon it was so good. We also ordered wings. The wings were dry and if you want extra ranch or blue cheese for a little container they want $1. Which is a little much, it was good but not worth that price. I will order again from this place but I'll stay away from the chicken wings. Pizza and mozzarella sticks are bomb, once again!! Went for a third time and had calamari so yummy and they aren't over cooked even on the second day reheated they were good. And the marinara is still amazing!!
Wonderful well made products worth every penny. The shop owner was very knowledgeable and willing to help us. Unfortunately we spent 2 hours there which wasn't necessary due to the owner being the only one to help customers. And she is closing in May so go get your waist trainers ASAP!! Once again amazing quality and worth every penny. I definitely will be back again.
So my family and I just ordered Gyros. Worst meal we have ever had!!!!!!  We call  to inform the manager and all he did was argue with us that he has the best gyros in town. Worst food, the salad was even bad. Will never order from here again, not only because the food was bad but so was the customer service from the manager!!
This was our first time visiting, and our last. We had hard tacos, an enchilada, chips, and a burrito. Everything fried was super greasy and you could taste that the oil they used was super old. The enchilada was a soft taco with sauce on it. The burrito was bland and nothing special. Definitely not a second timer. I would have had better food at taco bell next door, and for cheaper.
First we went there by recommendation and we ordered the sampler pierogis. It was a mix of the potato, meat, and sauerkraut. The meat was so flavorful. We ordered sour cream to go along but we didn't use it cause everything was amazing by itself. They were amazing!! Everything tastes homemade and made very well, you can tell they make their food with love and truly enjoy what they do. The owners are absolutely amazing, they are from Poland and are a total joy to talk to. The place is clean and the food was very fresh. I will return and highly highly recommend this place to anyone who loves homemade food and just wants something different. And I heard they will be extending their hours in the evening as well.
New and hot is not at all what this place is. The food was terrible and so was the service. I ordered 3 soft tacos and the hubs ordered a burrito. First you could tell they started with more meat with the first taco and got progressively less. I also asked for green sauce on top, didn't get any, I originally asked for pico and she didn't say not but tried to steer me way. The husbands burrito was bland and had very little meat in it. Considering they just opened and are by a movie theater they would step their game up but no they fell flat on their faces. It's over priced and under whelming.
I really enjoy the teriyaki chicken & rice bowl from here, I have never been disappointed with it. I do find the prices a tad bit high for what you get but the consistency of the food makes me want to continue to order from here.
This place has great food, great atmosphere, outrageously good prices, it's clean and the staff is generally good & friendly. Occasionally they place will be overwhelmed with customers and the service slips a little but the food doesn't. I have eaten here many many times and my favorites are the green iced tea, chicken teriyaki bento box, LF ramen, california rolls, the fried beef dumplings (I can never remember the name of) and the cucumber salad. They didn't have all you can eat sushi or alcohol when I first started eating there but they do now. The worst things I could say about this place (the reason for the non-five start rating) is the music is sometimes to loud, it can be warm in there, some of the staff don't speak or understand English very well and like I mentioned before, when they get busy the service can suffer but the food is more then reasonably priced and yummy so I forgive them and will continue to keep going there.
The food I had was OK but not great. We had to ask for everything we needed from other employees that seemed to be floating around the restaurant not doing much else other then saying they would let our server know.... I don't think they ever did because the same server only visited our table twice after we ordered. We got our appetizers, mains and sushi all in one, it wouldn't even fit on the table unless we took off the candle and yet the waiter just kept shoving stuff on the table. We never got drink refills till he came to give us our check. I'd never go back, the service was not good at all.
I don't understand why this place gets good reviews, their food is mediocre at best. I have eaten here 5 times now (the people I live with keep ordering from there other wise I would have eaten there once only) and had a variety of things and the meats always taste reheated/microwaved the beans are dry and the rice is flavorless. Seeing how so many people like this place I never bothered to throw in my 2 about it but the last order I got was the beef tacos and one had half a splintered tooth pick in it that nearly went through the roof of my mouth! Now today with a sore mouth I'm writing this to warn others, the people who work there are nice but clearly do not care about the food they are serving.
Tasty food, generous portions, excellent prices, quick & friendly service. No complaints, I have never had a bad experience here and have always enjoyed the food.
Never ever going here or any other Jiffy Lube again! We thought we would save a few $$ with a Groupon, our service included an oil change, fluid top off and tire rotation but after leaving the shop and getting on the freeway our wheel covers came off and we lost them!!!!! Plus we checked the fluids when we got home and the power steering and transmission fluids were low even though their "report" said they were full and did not need topping off. The people working here seemed friendly enough but did a terrible job, I doubt they even checked the fluids and it cost us $9 to buy the fluid and put it in ourselves plus the cheapest wheel covers we could find were $30 so basically their deal cost us about $25 more then any place else we could have gone even with the Groupon discount. AVOID THIS PLACE IT IS CRAP!
Avoid this place, get a TV dinner it'll be better!We ordered chicken fried rice, pork lo mien and sweet and sour chicken. Those three things came to over $25 and they "forgot" to include the free dim sum, which is probably best since their food is horrible.The sweet & sour chicken was the worst I've ever had. The meat had a funny aftertaste, the outside was dry and way to much of it and the sauce tasted like rancid candy. It was obviously made with canned juice... we could taste the can. The sauce was in a tub on it's own which was fine but the dozen or so battered chicken pieces came on a bed of slimy raw vegetables. There was so little meat we would have felt ripped off for what we paid for this dish even if there had been a decent amount of the chicken.The fried rice was mushy and tasted more like steamed rice with soy sauce on it then fried. There was no egg in it and the vegetables in it were under cooked (my guess is strait from a bag of frozen mixed veg and not cooked first) and the meat had that funny after taste in addition to being slimy and gummy like it wasn't the first time it had been reheated.The lo mien was really really greasy, the chicken in it was all badly cut up and most of it was in a solid clump on the bottom. It looked like someone tried to cut up a chicken thigh but never made it all the way though the meat. Again, the meat had that weird after taste (like it was reheated in the microwave) and it was slimy.The delivery took over an hour, the food was barely warm, the delivery guy himself was pleasant enough but that's not saying much when everything else was just horrible. We would never eat food from this place again!
When the Luxor was new, it was a delight to ride the "inclinator" and stay in a pyramid! Alas, on my recent August visit, the Luxor mostly gave off a sad feeling: it knows its days of glory are in the past, a fading memory.
I have not tried stayed here in the rooms. As for the casino I don't understand the hype. For some reason it feels snobby in the Wynn.It's a bit too dark inside for my taste and the cocktail waitresses, although nice to look at, don't pay much notice slot machine players or people that look like low-rollers (i.e. me). http://www.merchantcircle.com/business/Wynn.Las.Vegas.702-770-7000
I have been here twice and I think it is great. I Love Sushi has a wide assortment of rolls and fish. The quality is good and the menu is creative. The truly great aspect of this restaurant is the attentive sushi bar staff and their relationship with customers. They are fast and like to chat with the patrons and suggest new things based on the types of sushi you like. We were sat at the sushi bar surrounded by regulars who knew the sushi chefs by name. A satisfying meal of only rolls, sashimi, and nigiri was about $50 for 2 people. I was expecting it to be more in the $65 range considering the quality of the meal. I Love Sushi is a solid value for sushi enthusiasts.http://www.merchantcircle.com/business/I.Love.Sushi.702-990-4055
Yep it's a Cheesecake Factory alright. Giant portions, decent food, standard upper-middle tier chain type prices. Expect to have enough leftovers for lunch the next day. Nothing is out of the ordinary for this this Cheesecake Factory. The wait staff is friendly, the building is huge and they have a lot of outdoor seating. It was very nice and a mildly breezy spring evening. They have advertisements in the menu as if it were a magazine. I'm not offended by it, I just thought it was odd.http://www.merchantcircle.com/business/The.Cheesecake.Factory.702-207-6372
I like the Casino. It is clean and they have a non-smoking section. They have a nice variety of slots and other coin-op games.The only restaurant I've been to was the Fatburger where the prices are the same as outside of the casino. They also have Villa Pizza, Wing Stop, a buffet, and a Pancake House. Pancake House is a dependable chain so it's probably good in the casino too.The casino also has a movie theater downstairs and outside the casino are various stores and restaurants.
The Hilton is an older casino near the strip and showing its age. It is not directly on the strip, rather it is closer to the convention center, a block or so past the Wynn heading away from Las Vegas Blvd. I have not stayed in the rooms here.The Star Trek themed part of the casino is interesting. I went on the Star Trek experience ride before several years ago -- It was entertaining. The buffet at this Hilton is a good deal at under $20. As a Vegas arcade connoiseur I find the Hilton's arcade to be lacking. It is tiny and does not have much variety.http://www.merchantcircle.com/business/Las.Vegas.Hilton.702-732-5301
My gf and I stopped at Grimaldi's on our way to Los Angeles and it was just as delicious as the Brooklyn location, which I thought was excellent! I would recommend Grimaldi's to anyone who enjoys quality pizza. We ordered a white with garlic medium with pepperoni, artichoke, olives, and Italian sausage. We also got a small Caesar which was average. We were not at all disappointed with our visit to Grimaldi's.
In my opinion, the very best items at the buffet are the following: duck, waffle fries, sausage(not the jalapeo), burger shooters, miso soup self serve, crepes and lastly the sorbet. I appreciated the selection and the exotic foods, but some were mediocre. I am especially picky because I pride myself on eating excellent food on vacations, and with that said, I feel that most of the food could be better. The service was excellent; I enjoyed having the coffee pot at our table as well.
We came in for a late lunch and I must say this place is very clean, great service and definitely great ramen!  It's our first time so we don't really know what we're ordering and definitely don't understand the menu...(a small description on the menu would be nice for first timers like us) but the waitress was very patient and nice explaining the menu to us - i was goin to give this place a 4 star because i cant understand the menu  but because of the nice waitress - that put the 5th star on the rating!  We ate every noodle and slurped our bowls clean!  We are pleasantly full and cannot wait to come back!  Wow Ramen Sora - I'm impressed!!!
We luv Barnes & Noble!  My girls luv their kids section and they have Starbucks!  Great place to just have a cup of joe and relax!
Met with my cousin for lunch - and as always Kona has a good crowd - luv sitting at their patio area - great ambiance! Ordered couple sushi but the salmon salad is the best!  It's on the other side of town but it's sure worth the drive!
Did the Crazy Professor Room with my family and it was a blast solving clues with the kids! Got through the 1st and 2nd room but ran out of time :( We will have to go back and do this again! One of the best family night out!
Super fun and awesome magician!  My daughter Jaelen loves that he made her the star of the show!  All the kids were laughing and so engaged with the show!  Even older kids and adults loved him! Will highly recommend Doodad!
Great local place. Love the simple dinning room atmosphere. Been here 'bout half dozen times. We've had breakfast, lunch and dinner here in the past. Always good food served fast.  Last night had the grilled butterfly rainbow trout with good sized loaded bake potato for $10.99. Added the all-u-can-eat salad bar for a reuced cost of $3.79. Realized I really didn't need the additional food. The entree was plenty. The trout was seasoned perfectly and grilled to perfection. The skin easily seperated from the tender fish meat. We really like to bring the kids because of the all-u-can-eat salad bar. It is always fresh with the usual stuff as well as pizza, pasta, tacos and wings. The latter is the main reason we go for the kids. Order just the salad bar, $6.99 for adult, $5.99 for Tweens and $4.99 for kids under 12. The only disappointment last evening was they had no wings and pizza when we arrived at 8:30pm. They may have had some out earlier but just didn't replenish??
Saw the billboard and decided to go in and try their pho.  My husband and I decided to split a medium bowl of pho, spring rolls and egg rolls and when we ordered it the lady which we think is the owner/server gave us a look like we're crazy for sharing and started commenting about asian specially vietnamese DO NOT share pho and my husband who's white made a funny comment that we would like to share it because we're not asian!  Well, I'm filipino (100%) and so my husband made that comment to be funny and the server looked at me and said oh that's why I married my white husband because I'm not asian, I took this very offensive and then when we're done I asked her for a to go box and she again made a sarcastic comment abut bringing left over home!  Very RUDE and TERRIBLE SERVICE!!! Food is nothing special for me to come back!  I think the owner forgot that there are a lot of Vietnamese restaurant in the valley that she's competing with! Definitely a mistake and waste of money trying out this place.  I will have to just go back and stick with PHO KIM LONG!
Very good burger joint - small size is all u need - can get messy!  However, u can maintain control by flipping your sandwich over with every bite. Sin city burger is the best with fried egg!  Yum!  We'll be coming back for more!
By far this was the easiest home improvement project yet.  Every interaction, including the quote meeting, measuring, email conversations, installation, and follow-up, was a breeze.  Our new windows are a quality product with an excellent warranty.  Brian and Scott were professional, friendly, and honest, keeping us informed at every step.  Even when we contacted Brian to tell him that the triple pane windows that we ordered for our bedroom did not keep out the sounds of our neighbors' barking dogs as we had hoped, Brian suggested that we try the laminated glass instead and Scott INSTALLED THEM WITH NO EXTRA CHARGE!  (If you need soundproofing, the laminated glass is awesome!)  I would not hesitate to recommend Zen Windows Charlotte to family and friends.  This company is a class act!
My family has celebrated many a birthday at Carrabba's near the Mills.  The food is very tasty and the service is typically above par.  I am particularly partial to the seafood dishes.  Yummy!  I cannot address the quality of the desserts as I am ALWAYS too full to try one.  I especially enjoy the bread and oil/herbs presented before the main course is served.  Nice place for a celebration.
Basil is one of my favorite restaurants.  I have tried several dishes, none of which disappointed.  I am not a fan of duck, but Basil's duck is exquisite!  By far, my favorite dish.  Anytime hubby asks, "Where do ya wanna eat?", the first word out of my mouth is "Basil"!  The Basil on Church St. is the only one I have tried, so I cannot speak for the other locations.  For Thai food, Basil's is my first choice!
Dining at Mattie's is an experience.  The diner was shipped down from New Jersey and brings with it, its past.  So fun and quirky!  And so is the staff, especially Mattie,  I have yet to leave without a laugh.  Cafe-style food.  I love the yummy, sloppy burgers.  A fun place with lots of ambience!   Love me some Joisey ova dere!
This office makes a visit to the eye doctor a pleasant experience.  The office personnel are courteous and knowledgeable.  The personnel involved in eye testing are friendly and will not hesitate to answer questions.  I find Dr. Albrecht to be professional, intelligent, and informative, as well as, having an excellent "bed-side" manner.  And the individuals working in the prescription section know their stuff when it comes to insurance and helping you choose the right frame.  It's nice to walk out of a place and feel positive about your experience.
The food was very tasty!  We were pleased with this experience.. Hope to be back very soon.
Really sad to hear this place has closed it was my favorite place to eat when I was in Vegas. Actually one of the few reasons I even stopped in Vegas.Great hot dogs the Chilean was my favorite and the waffle ice cream sandwiches were insanely good.
This place its ok but it has the worst customer service at night, the guy that assist me he sounded like if he hated his life or his jobAnd its sad but food its ok
Become a Gold Member and all you have to do is look for your name on the board or check your email for the stall your reserved car is in, find the car, and drive away! It's that simple!  Beverly is the best! She worked super hard to get me the convertible mustang! I have rented 3 cars from here so far! Everyone has been super great!
I purchased two trees at this location, both 36" boxes. I picked them up a few days later and I got one 36" and one 32" box instead for the same price than the 36" i previously purchased. The sales rep said that the 32" was the same price than the 36" at that time and they didnt have any 36s available. Silly me I believed him. They also had a promo going on at that moment: free planting when you purchase trees 24" box and larger but they refused to honor the promo alleging they gave me a "special price"  which I found out later not to be true based on a different promo they had that I missed.  What a dishonest way to make business. Their trees do not have price stickers and they have a bunch of sales people eager to make their commission, the higher the sales price the higher their commission. My recommendation go somewhere else. The managers at this location are James and Ryan and the sales guy was Matt
If you want to deal with uneducated and unprofessional loan officers, wait three months for your loan to close, miss your closing date, loose the house of your dreams and pay $2000 in originations charges, stop looking,this is definitely your mortgage broker!
Horrible customer svc. Now i shop at Neiman. Bye Saks
I went to this branch today to close my checking and saving account and had to pay $25 fee per account I was closing, that was a total of $50. Is this why this bank is still in business? Hopefully I get my money back soon, complaint on its way...
I had to wait 55 minutes to see the Dr. People at the front desk were not polite and their billing department is just horrible. I have a PPO and Dr Linder's billing department sent a claim to my insurance co using the wrong group number so the claim got rejected and I got billed for the full balance. I had to call the Dr's office a couple of times and asked them to re-send the claim. For a 2nd time they made another mistake when they billed the insurance co. I got a 2nd bill. Dr Linder this is a lot of work for me. A waste of time.
my daughter has been coming to the school for three months now and I have decided to pull her out. The teachers are not very friendly and poorly communicate with the parents. The director is not that responsive either. The installations are really nice but the people who work here are awful
Presidential Pools subcontracts all services. The contractor they use for the decking s.u.k.s, this is Flo Patio LLC which subcontracts unlicensed people that have no idea. My deck is not leveled and not finished. I had to hire somebody else to finish
The ladies that work there are not very knowlogable and the customer service is just horrible. I have been waiting 3 days on a quote plus had multiple issues with a sofa I need to re upholster. Still waiting to hear back from the manager. Will never do business again with these people
We were a party of 7 and tried 10 + plates. The food is disgusting unhealthy and over price .there was not a single thing we liked. Definitely I believe this place will go out of business.
Just to let pple know.. I got burnt at this place, the burns turned into dark spots. Go to a dermatologist instead
Love this place, food is great and customer service is awesome. It is a little bit crowded which sometimes can be frustrating. I highly recommend palo mimosa
Run away. I was looking for spinning classes and this place looks so nice that I decided to give it a try. Set up and appointment with a sales rep, Brad and I told him that I had to try the spinning class before enrolling and that I'd give him a call if i decided to join. This guy said that I could not do it over the phone because there were some paperwork to fill out so i did. My mistake was giving this assh my credit card number and my email. After that day I kept receiving junk emails from this place, 5 to 6 per day. I had to email the general manager 4 times before I could stop the junk emails..and of course I let them know I was not going to join the club because the spinning class so the most boring class I ever have attented... if it can be called spinning... anyway the emails stpped for a while and suddenly today I have a charge in my account for $500 and of course im sure fkng Brad got his commision... also they promised 79 per month... probably they have charged me for 2 yrs...Dont go they are thieves and the classes are not worth the money they ask for.
They sent an older guy to give me a quote, his name was Dan and he could not even get on the roof to give me a quote due to his advanced age. He took a look at the area where I said I had the leak and I showed him a quote that I had from a different company with the purpose of giving him a list of the items I wanted to get done. He then walked away and said he was wasting his time. Just interested on selling new roofs?
Pricey? Yes. However, given all realities worth it: location, taste, city etc.
This place is always amazing, the shopping center is trying to revive itself and has been trying since the chef store replaced that awful Wal-mart. Saying so, i usually just have takeout, but I always feel comfortable when I eat in too. The decor and ambiance isn't exactly upscale dining, but the food quality and presentation make a good date night spot for those looking for something "nice, but not too nice." Plus it's a local small business and the guy that owns this place is legit Italian and will quickly bust your balls, which I can appreciate, but I can see if someone more sensitive might get offended. Pizza:I like to think of myself as a pizza connoisseur and this place sets the mark. The pizza here is thin crust with a tomato and light basil sauce that is neither too sweet nor bland topped with a quality cheese blend that is just the right amount of saltiness (which is in my opinion the most important part of the pizza equation). The sauce is on the lighter side, so if you are a sauce person you might be disappointed. I usually get a cheese or pepperoni these days, but they also have a Veggie pizza that put any other Veggie pizza you've ever had to shame. It has chunks, not bits and pieces of veggies, like broccoli and onions. If you go during lunch hours you'll be able to get the pizza by the slice, otherwise expect to enjoy an entire pie. The price is on the higher end when comparing this pizza to Papa Johns or Little Caesar's, but trust me there is NO comparison in quality. Totally worth the money.Salad:I almost always get the house salad with any order. The dressing is a unique creamy Italian that goes great with the fresh baked mini loaf of bread they give you in addition to your salad. Also they include olives in the salad which I appreciate. Olives can be so under appreciated. Italian Dishes:So if you can't tell I'm basically in love with their pizza, but I've also tried their other food. I must say I'm not as impressed with their baked ziti or Bolognese as I have been with their pizza, but their lasagna and chicken dishes have always done it for me. Chicken piccata is probably my favorite of the chicken dishes I've had their and even have tried to replicate it in my own kitchen! Bottom line: Eat here, you'll be glad you did.
Short Story:Great atmosphere, offers champagne, pedicure was fine, but it took FOREVER (over two hours) to get the worst gel manicure I've ever had (cuticles not cut, polish not all the way to the cuticle, started peeling off within 1 and half weeks)Long Story:I visited this salon with a friend on a Sunday last minute because our normal salons were all booked. I found this on yelp and I was very pleased that we were able to get in. The decor and atmosphere was very nice and it smells amazing in there. However, as I said I was there with a friend and she was only getting a pedicure, while I was getting a gel manicure and pedicure. I was serviced immediately with my feet in the water soaking, a girl working on taking off my old gel and champagne in my hand. Meanwhile, my friend was basically ignored, although we came in together. I must mention that only two other people were getting services in the salon at that time. She finally asked if she could at least soak her feet while waiting and sat next to me. It was awkward, but they were nice about it and let her sit with me and soak her feet. Eventually another girl freed up and was able to start her pedicure as well. Now minus the initial infraction with ignoring my friend, they were both EXTREMELY friendly and nice, but I literally received the worst manicure I have ever gotten professionally. My cuticles were halfway cut/pushed down and were uneven on different fingers. I did ask for her to cut them down more which she sort of did, but they were all uneven and still showing. I probably should have kept pointing it out, but I felt weird about asking her to fix same thing multiple times. Also the gel polish was not even close to my cuticle, so it looked like it was already a week old. I was told this was due to "shrinkage". When gel is drying on certain peoples nails it "shrinks" and there isn't much you can do about it...no salon has ever told me that before. It was also painted on unevenly, very thick on some parts and then very thin on others. I ended up going to another salon about 10 days later to get it fixed because my cuticles were driving me crazy and the gel had started to peel off. I usually can wear gel for a full 3 weeks or more (if I'm really stretching it) without it peeling, which is why I get it. I'm not sure if this was due to lack of experience (both girls were very young, 17 years old) or just the salon's way of doing manicures.On the other hand (or foot, heh heh), the pedicure turned out okay. My friend was also pleased with hers. The massage was nice and the polish was good.Lastly, I was there FOREVER, the entire experience took me OVER 2 hours so I wasn't ready to complain and stay even LONGER. While I was there another woman had issues with her gel (shrinkage problem again) and ended up having her gel polish removed and just left. They apologized and didn't charge her.Needless to say, I was not as pleased with my visit as my fellow yelpers on this one and although I enjoyed the atmosphere and the pedicure, I still had to review this at 2 stars because of the state of the manicure and the length of time I spent in there. I'm definitely sticking to my more reliable salons for now on, even if I have to wait another day.
Excellent hookah bar. I have been to several hookah bars around the valley and this is one of the best. The hookahs are very smooth and are especially good because they use natural coals. The service is excellent. They also serve food and alcohol so it is pretty much a one stop shop. Try the chicken shawarma.
Why does a Denny's run out of pancake batter?!?
There should be a zero star option. This was the worst meal I have had in a long time! Service was mediocre (maybe the only reason to give one star) and we had to wait 35 minutes for our food. When the food finally arrived the sight on our plate was almost unexplainable. My eggs,  supposedly sunny side up, were raw seeping with a clear goo as if straight out of the shell. My wife's eggs were also raw as if straight out of the shell. My pancakes were so undercooked that I hope the grill was malfunctioning so Biscuits has a semblance of an excuse for destroying an easy and common breakfast dish. My wife's french toast was also still covered in raw egg batter leaving an undesired shine and soggy texture. In conclusion, the experience was horrific and pathetic especially because Biscuits is a breakfast/lunch establishment. It would have been nice to have a manager to speak to about the horrific experience, for the very least, he/she could ensure it would not happen to other guests, but there was not a manager on site at the time. For Biscuits sake, we hope the single bite we consumed does not make us sick.
Scam Alert!  They claim to have 300,000 members, yet are nearly invisible on the internet.  Very misleading presentation.  DO NOT be duped.  As the saying goes, if it seems to good to be true, it usually is.  Shame on everyone involved!
Quality food, ambiance, moderate pricing . . . what more could you want?  The lemon-thyme salmon on orzo with peas and spinach was perfect, but the real find was the French onion soup with gruyere cheese.  OMG!  The portions are not skimpy either.  Didn't have room for desert (darn!), but I'll bet they're heavenly.  Oh, yes, it's across from Bellagio and you get to watch the water displays.  It was a wonderful date night!
Einer meiner Lieblingsclubs fr elektronische Musik in Stuttgart. Wer auf Techno und hnliches steht, wird hier glcklich werden. Eintrittspreise sind vernnftig, ebenso die Trpolitik. Immer wieder gern!
Ziemlicher 0815-Schuppen, will mehr sein, als es zu scheinen vorgibt. Publikum eine mittlere Katastrophe. Hier wird an der Tr nicht drauf wertgelegt, dass die Mischung stimmt. Und das merkt man leider auch. Fr mich leider nix, auch weil die Musik sehr austauschbar ist (Charts).
Ich habe lange Zeit zuhause an meiner Hantelbank trainiert und gezgert, in ein Fitness-Studio zu gehen. Das hngt vor allem damit zusammen, dass man immer wieder Schlechtes hrt: viele Proleten, beliebte Gerte sind oft besetzt und zu Abendzeiten ist es allgemein voll.Beim Fitness-First in Cannstatt allerdings nicht. Die Gerte sind in gutem Zustand und zu Genge vorhanden. Darber hinaus gibt es ein Kursangebot von Aerobic bis Crossfit. Auerdem bekommt man einen Trainings- und Ernhrungsplan und wird nach der Anmeldung gut eingewiesen. Auerdem sind die anderen Leute im Studio supernett und alles ist sauber, sowohl in den Kabinen, als auch im Fitnessbereich selbst. Ich komme gerne hierher!
Dass es so einen geilen Club in Stuttgart gibt, wundert mich jedes Mal aufs Neue. In dem engen Schuppen kommt bei durchaus zu lauter elektronischer Musik absolutes Underground-Feeling auf. Uneingeschrnkt empfehlenswert fr alle Freunde der elektronischen Musik!
Ganz nette Bar mit lssiger Musik, ein bisschen auf Alternativ gemacht. Kann man schon reingehen!
Das Essen ist zwar schn angerichtet, aber geschmacklich mehr als durchschnittlich. Dazu ein Service, der wohl eher gut aussehen soll, als effektiv zu bedienen. Unsere Bedienung brachte uns Getrnke und Essen, danach haben wir sie erst zur Rechnung wieder gesehen. Dabei htten wir gerne noch mehr getrunken. So verliert man als Gastronom gutes Geld. Das versucht man aber getrost durch relativ hohe Preise auszugleichen. Hauptsache, der Coolness-Faktor stimmt. Wird in lndlichen Gegenden leider immer hufiger. Dabei wird die Qualitt des Essen vernachlssigt. Wir kommen nicht mehr.
In der Gutsschenke wird man immer gut essen, da lege ich mich fest. Die Frage ist jedoch, zu welchem Preis. Und da wre auch schon der Haken. Denn bei solchen Preisen erwarte ich schon einen gewissen Hang zur Perfektion.Das Ambiente geht fr ein Restaurant mit solchen Preisen gelinde gesagt etwas stark in die Richtung Landgasthof. Auch das Krepppapier, auf dem die Suppenschale gestellt war und das man eigentlich aus Eisdielen kennt, wirkte unntig billig.Die Suppe als Vorspeise war uns zu dickflssig, fast breiartig. Oben drauf gab es einen dicken Klops Schlagsahne, wie man es aus guten Restaurants des letzten Jahrtausends kennt. Das passt heute leider so gar nicht mehr in die gehobene Gastronomie. Geschmacklich in Ordnung, bekommt man so aber auch zuhause selbst hin, dafr muss ich nicht unbedingt ins Restaurant gehen. Der Hauptgang hat uns hingegen alle berzeugt. Wir hatten Fisch, einen Rostbraten und Coq au Vin. Alles sehr gut gegart, die Soen einwandfrei, das Gemse hervorragend. Die Sttigungsbeilagen (Kartoffeln, Reis) haben jedoch etwas geschwchelt.Wie gesagt, das Essen schmeckt schon gut, ist meiner Ansicht nach aber berteuert. Da bezahlt man fr die Lage wahrscheinlich mit. Eben doof, wenn man, wie wir, wegen des Wetters drinnen essen muss. Fr besseres Essen in der gleichen Preisklasse im Kreis Ludwigsburg ziehe ich den Adler in Asperg oder auch Schiller in der Bietigheimer Altstadt vor.
Aus touristischer Sicht liegt die Bar sicherlich ideal, da direkt am Schlossplatz. Das war dann aber auch schon das beste. Diese Bar ist mehr Schein als Sein.Zunchst zum Service: Wir mussten an der Bar ewig warten und viele Gste wurden vor uns bedient, obwohl sie nach uns kamen. Dabei war kaum was los. Kein Wunder, denn der Service war eher mit Plaudern beschftigt als mit den Gsten. Als wir dann irgendwann drankamen, wurden von vier bestellten Getrnken zwei falsch serviert. Bei den stolzen Preisen im Laden haben wir dann einfach auf das Trinkgeld verzichtet, auch wenn die Getrnke natrlich ausgetauscht wurden. Entschuldigung? Fehlanzeige.Dann etwas zur Hygiene: Fr mich gilt schon immer die Faustregel, dass man die Sauberkeit eines Ladens an den Toiletten misst. Wir kamen am spten Nachmittag / frhen Abend und die Pissoirs rochen wie Bahnhofsklos, wenn auch sehr stylische Bahnhofsklos. Wird da berhaupt geputzt? Vielleicht ist da deswegen das Licht so dunkel gehalten?Publikum dazu sehr versnobbt, denen schien es zu gefallen. Wir kommen jedenfalls nicht mehr!
Nachdem die meisten schlechten Bewertungen hier ja etwas lter sind und uns von Freunden dieses italienische Restaurant in Kornwestheim trotzdem empfohlen wurde, haben wir es mit der Familie einmal ausprobiert - und wurden nicht enttuscht.Ambiente natrlich wie bei einem lndlichen Italiener, durchaus zeitgem, aber irgendwie nicht ganz durchdacht. Auch die Karte mit Seiten in Plastikhllen schreckte uns ein bisschen ab. Doch das Essen hat uns positiv berrascht!Minestrone, Mozzarella Caprese, Gemsevorspeisenteller, Bruschetta, Pasta mit Steinpilzen, Spaghetti Meeresfrchte, Dorade und Seezunge vom Grill haben uns absolut berzeugt. Das Schne daran: Durch das gute Essen wirkt der Laden herrlich unprtentis. Hier geht es ums gute Essen und das war's.Ein Restaurant aufgrund eines Silvester-Besuchs zu bewerten, halte ich brigens fr problematisch. Wo dauert es an solchen Tagen nicht etwas lnger? Wir kommen auf jeden Fall wieder!
I am saddened to write a negative review and will definitely update if anything changes. I've been having service since January and have always been very happy with the quality of work. The last time they were at my home was August 14th. My schedule was that they would come out every other Monday. I have called, texted, and emailed multiple times and have never received a response. I worry that something is wrong, and with any communication I would be willing to be flexible. However, as things stand I will have to start looking for a new company today.
Had an issue with not finding the airport transfer I bought. Call in and the customer service lady puts me on hold WITHOUT asking, then comes back on after a long weight telling me she called my hotel and they don't provide free airport transportation....I already knew that! Hence the reason I bought the transports when I booked the trip. I eventually asked for her manager and she transferred me to group sales, that person transferred me to a number that wasn't even in service. Long story short, I bought transfers AGAIN. This is the first and last time I will use Travelocity. Wish I had read the reviews before going to that website.
Regular customer until tonight. Asked for manger 4 times, found out it was the owner and she refused to come to our table after being requested 4 times. Been 3 hours, still no dinner. Refused to comp or even discount my tab when we finally gave up.
I had my first visit to Hugo's Cellar this past weekend and throughly enjoyed it. My bf and I went with another couple who had previously dined here before on several occasions. As we entered, both Karen and I received a long stemmed red rose which I found hilarious for some reason.My dirty martini was pretty damn good and so was the bacon wrapped filet mignon served on crab legs along with garlic mashed potatoes. Oh yes, I almost forgot, the table side salad. Our salad maker, I think was named Kenny? made a great salad and I had every damn topping short of onions that he offered. The only thing we missed out on was dessert but time was an issue. I'd definitely recommend going here for the "old-school" steak experience, especially with good friends who can appreciate the vibe...
I am a fan of the Hash House a Go Go in San Diego thanks to my friend Tomi who turned me on to it a few years back during the Comicon... This past weekend we were in Vegas for a friend's wedding and were pleasantly surprised to find out the owners opened location in the City of Sin. After taking a Zantac 75 pill, we headed over to the area to settle in and wait a good 45 minutes for a table for 2. Patience is key here friends; this location apparently has been on Man Vs Food (which I'm not familiar with) and some other food network shows. I had the Watermelon Kiwi Cooler which was beautiful to behold and deliciously refreshing to drink! I have a sensitive stomach so I decided to go easy and order the Blueberry Pecan Flapjacks with two bacon strips and eggs over easy. The pancake, as M put it, was bigger than his head! hehe... Damn was that pancake good although I only finished about 20% of it. M had the Basic or Original Breakfast which consisted of eggs, bacon or ham and potatoes. Still GIGANTIC for a mere $8.95 price tag. Our server was great if not a bit harried due to the overwhelming crowds due to a biker convention in town! I took my dear Flapjack to go and tore a few pieces off later to munch on before sending the remaining bits into the ye olde hotel room trashcan. I would recommend going at least ONCE to check this place out. The decor is fun, the servers wearing great outfits and the food spot on. Yes, it is crowded and a bit crazy inside but the experience is worth it to see GIANT food. This place also reminds me of a now defunct restaurant in New York called Royal Canadian Pancake House that I used to go to in the early early 90's... anyone remember or been there? Anyways, go check it out!
I've been going to Mr Lucky's for over 12 years now and I guess my favorite reason to keep going back is the people watching, not necessarily the fine dining. The food is better than Denny's but not necessarily gourmet. This place totally hits the spot if you arrive into town late, are staying at or near the Hard Rock (like Hyatt Place) and need a burger and fries STAT. I always ask for a front booth to enhance the experience.So.. now to the food. We were there last Friday we ordered the following:  A BLD salad which was a caesar-salad like concoction served on toasted rounds (really good), a Turkey Burger with Avocado, Sirloin Burger and Red Velvet Cake. I would NOT recommend the turkey burger as it was not cooked very well and a bit mushier than it should've been. Needless to say, I did finish half since I was starving. The fries are really good.  M said his burger was "fine" and ate half as well. The Red Velvet Cake was alright; not too sweet and not too dry. I guess I keep going back here for the atmosphere and the convenience of drunk food.... and the fact we always see crazy ass people while we're there!
Horrible service. Did not even try it. I went in and pointed to a strange looking hotdog while asking the employee what it was. He bluntly replied with a horrible attitude that it was just a hotdog. Asked him what it had on it and pointed at the sign instead of describing it to me face to face as if he was begging to be replaced with a vending machine. If I wanted to read I would read it or gone to an automated restaurant.
Our family was trying to get something quick to eat before a game. They had many open tables (not even half full) and they refused to seat us inside. They sat us outside in the blazing weather as one of the people in are party was feeling very nauseous. The food wasn't even that great. Honestly one of my worst eating experiences in awhile.
I was in Montreal for 3 days and ended up here once each day.The place - Awesome, old-school iconic "place to go" that lives up to the hype. There's always a bit of a line for the restaurant, but the service is quicker at their takeout place next door.The food - really a meat lover's dream. Smoked meat sandwich (medium) is perfect.The price - surprisingly reasonable: $6.40 for the sandwich.
Really cool bar with house-brewed IPAs and a GREAT upstairs lounge area.When I was visiting Montreal for a long weekend in the winter, we were on a bar stroll that led to Reservoir at about 6 PM. We were only expecting to be there for a drink or so, but 3 hours later we found ourselves ordering beer after beer and kicking back on these great chairs upstairs.Snacks were solid, crowd was interesting...I'd definitely stop by next time I'm in the city.
I am only giving Never Late Printing 5 Stars because Yelp doesn't allow me to give them 6 Stars.I have been coming to Vegas for over 10 years for conferences and NLP has been printing our brochures for at least the last 5 or 6.  We are a small company, placing honestly smallish orders, but they provide customer service like we were a big important client.  I've sent them files on a Sunday and they've delivered directly to my hotel the next day.  I believe a few years back they even completed and delivered an order in just a few hours.  And the final product always looks great.The biggest thing that impresses me is NLP does not simply press print and deliver.  On several occasions over the years they have called me to tell me the brochure didn't look quite right after printing.  Rather than waiting until the final product was delivered and we were unhappy, they alerted me and let me fix the issue.  They treated the work as if it were for their own company and conference.  A few times even modifying files for me so the final product was perfect.  You can't ask anything more than that.In my role I deal with a ton of vendors, including several printers around the country.  Never Late Printing is by far the best printer I've worked with and among the best 2 or 3 vendors we work with.
Went to new location on Sahara Blvd couldn't find location on Yelp. I understand it was their first day opening but I shouldn't have to wait 40 mins for some  pork chops and shrimp and grits. The sides were cold... I expected to devour this food and it was weak. The pork chops was hard to cut so they overcooked it. I live in Los Angeles and the M&Ms have not made it... The main waitress Vee was good and others just didn't know what to do because they seen we were curious why our food was taking so long... When I come back to Vegas I'll check and see if the 2nd location is still there because I highly believe it won't be. You gotta do better M&Ms staff I don't care if it was your first day this your second location. Business is business customers are most of the time right.
Loved the vest- ordered two.  Unfortunately one didn't work and required me to send back for refund.  I have waited patiently for my refund. I have  called and emailed however still do not have it.  This is unacceptable!!! Hope you order exactly what you want otherwise you'll be sadly disappointed!!!
I will never bring my children to this er again, my daughter had a fall at school and hit her head, she had a golf ball size pump and it was very few people waiting to be seen. Four people a head of us one behind we have been there an hour and the person behind us goes up to them and they take her in while my 7 year old is left waiting. There was nothing to suggest this person was in need anymore then my kid. I have had people go a head of me in the past for good reasons but to put someone before a child her hit her head badly and they never even checked her when we signed in. This is by far the worse er experience I have ever had.
Easily one of the best restaurants in all of charlotte. This place is a hidden little gem. Hands down it is creative, unique and always we'll executed.  For those looking for a culinary adventure this is definitely your stop. Mmm... Oh and the wine is good too!
Went for the second time this weekend. They were on a wait but we got seats at the bar and ordered there. The beer was fresh, bar service was friendly and prompt.  As a vegetarian I am always a bit apprehensive about trying new places but The Mill has a great selection of veggie friendly items. I got the portabella burger that was perfectly cooked and served on toasted brioche. The sauted spinach was cooked to perfection.  My husband got the Cajun penne, which came out hot and saucy and had a lot of spicy flavor.  Given he was trained as a chef he can be hard to impress but he already plans to order it again!
Went for the first time last weekend.  Our service was slow, but our food was pretty good.  We ordered the roasted red pepper pimento cheese to start and it was pretty tasty.  My veggie burger was customizable and very good, with fresh jalepenos and sauted mushrooms and onions and the house made parmesan tator tots were delish!  The Mr. ordered brisket sandwich which he said was a touch on the dry side but tasty nonetheless and his slaw and beans were both tasty.  Music was on point, thanks to Nick Shaw and the beers were cold (decent draft selection too).  Just wish the server was a little more timely.  Will definitely return.
Stayed in a place up the road from this place. We came in on a Sunday morning and beat the rush. The restaurant is really nice and the windows were open because the weather was fantastic. The sandwiches were so good, unlike any other breakfast sandwich I've had. The owner took the time to welcome us and thanked us for coming in. Also, their iced teas are really refreshing and have a great variety of flavors. I will definitely come back when I'm around these parts.
Can always find that special little gift for that hard to buy for person. Great little shop!
Do not go here!!!! Four different people continue to measure my finger wrong. Third time driving from across town to pick up a ring that does not fit and they are trying to blame me for being warm or hot. It's clearly them not knowing what their doing. Save your money and go to Kay's across the south park mall food court!!!!
This sad casino/hotel has shabby carpets, dirty walls, and comfortable beds.  It was pleasantly inexpensive, but some places on the strip are only $10 more.   I stayed here because it is where others wanted to stay and it was logistically convenient.  But even the others said it has gone downhill and they won't stay here again.  Neither will I.
My fiance and I came here as a celebration, got chocolate wantons as a gift. Amazing atmosphere! Beautiful menus and easy  to read. The staff so so friendly! Stephanie was amazing and very personable. We will be here again soon.
I came here about a year ago but I still remember the great potato and leek soup. The real reason to come here was because I am a BIG Harry Potter fan, but the food actually was NOT so-so as most reviews point out. I noticed that soups (besides tomato soups) at a cafe are usually too saltybut this was different. Soup was perfect and the potatoes were mushy at just the right amount. Plus the leeks weren't  stringy. Staff was pretty good as staff goes, and though they weren't noticeably nice they weren't noticeably mean either. It is a great cafe and I hope I'll be going back!
Everything is very good. The last time I had tappas, it wasnt that nice. But this time, El Quijote served tappas perfectly! I totally recommend everything, especial the meat platters! Even small, this restaurant has big tastes!
This restaurant is good news and bad news.Good News: Bathrooms were immaculate, awesome view, great bread, sour cream, baked potato, and chowder, and the mere coolness of a revolving restaurant.Bad News: Prepare to be disapointed. As soon as you get food, things start to go downhill. My prime rib was so-so and looked worse than it tasted. Nobody wants to eat something that looks like an undercooked red lump! Vegetables were slighty tastless and the mussels were tiny and the gnocchi overcooked. I want to visit the CN tower again, but never 360!
Homemade Ramen has a white floor, color changing walls, and a white ceiling with random red glowing ribbons. Tables are pretty close together, each set with whatever amount of chopsticks; haven't seen forks, so you should probably learn how to use chopsticks...... Thank goodness I did!Decor is minimal unless you count all the Chinese writing on the walls (by the looks of it, it looks like the restaurant's history). A few drawings accompany the writing. In the back, a chef hand pulls the noodles, surrounded by those twisty bamboo plants. Even from a distance, the noodle pulling looks cool! The drink choices are mostly the usual sodas, and Jia Duo Bao, a drink that may look unfamiliar, but after some research, I found it is a sort of sweet, carbonated iced tea that comes in a can. Unfortunately, there weren't any alcoholic drinks that I could see. Dinner starts out with the menu, with lots of different choices, hand pulled noodles, sliced noodles, appetizers, etc. LOTS of appetizers. Service is relatively fast. The ambience is casual with a mostly low noise level. There is one TV in the back of the room, showing Chinese talent shows and the like. It's a little chilly; I'd recommend bringing a light jacket just in case.The appetizers are delicious with wide variety. The lotus root is nice and crunchy, with a garlicky and oily taste. Bok choy is kinda tasteless, but I'm not a fan of it to begin with anyway! The scallion pancakes are buttery and not too heavy, and the taro root is mildly sweet and has a pureed texture.The entree comes, and it is fabulous! The hand pulled noodles are smooth, soft and chewy, the beef is flavorful but not too fatty, and the broth is a light harmony of oil, garlic, and beef, sprinkled with slices of green onions and  parsley. Very tasty, yet not too filling.I didn't get a chance to eat dessert  but at a glance the choices look pretty optimal.Dinner is finished off with a not-too-shabby $50 (Canadian money, roughly $35 dollars in the United States) check, and wrapped guava candy (just an FYI, three other people were eating with me. The $50 dollars is not just for what I ordered).Definitely coming back in the future!
If I could, I would rate four and a half stars. I only docked a star because my macaroni had tomatoes in it, so it tastes a little weird. Besides that, I would like to come here again. But I don't live anywhere near Scotland, so I'll just have to wait until the next trip!
This Chinese Cuisine is pretty mediocre as dim sum goes. Everything was yummy, but nothing really stood out to me except for the chicken wings, which were really crisp and flavorful. The egg custard was a little dry. It took forever to get another pot of tea :/The service was okay, never gruff or mean or anything, but not exactly happy and helpful. One thing I noticed about the dim sum is that you have no idea what the prices are until the bill.Might come back here for the awesome lake view, but otherwise I would recommend a different dim sum than this place.
DO NOT USE!!!I brought in my motorcycle for a safety check/oil change. They said that they checked the breaks, and they did not! Drove to Prescott and back and found out that rear break was metal on metal. They are now charging over $500 for new rotar. They are dangerous, and do not care about their customers!
Awesome whisky collection.  Fish n chips and the fried pasta dish was great.  Ambiance was also great.  Servers were a little stiff but bartender was friendly
Food was fine.  Service was terrible.  Toast came 10mins after the omelette.  Pancakes but no syrup.  Order was messed up.  Waiter/owner were nice.  Tried to make up by discounting the food.  People are nice but they just don't know how to run a restaurant.  They're way understaffed.
The buffet has such a beautiful ambiance. The food was ok but not sure if it was $45 dollars worth per person. There are a lot of complaints about food poisoning and terrible food I HIGHLY disagree.. hotels and buffets have standards they must follow to keep the customer save of food borne illness. People CHOSE to eat at a buffet a place where many people touch and sneeze or cough and then touch the same tong as the person before or after.. its a risk someone would take on their own. We were a party of 4 and our service was excellent with drink refills and keeping our table clear of plates and very friendly staff replenishing the pans or keeping their work station clean. Just a suggestion you will be waiting in line which is normal! Also obviously come hungry and look appropriate you are at the Wynn! lol not eating at the pool.. put some clothes on as if you were going to a casual dinning restaurant. They will not let you come in if you're not appropriately attired.
Visited with my husband July 28th for dinner with our friends. Let me tell you the cocktails to start while waiting in the lobby for our table were soo yummy, unique and rustic/speakeasy feel. The service and the food was AMAZING we ordered just about everything to try and multiple drinks. The price of our tab surprisingly was not as high as we thought. Everything we tried was exceptional and very satisfying. I cant wait to visit vegas again and try more menu items.
I was very excited for my husband to try this place out because when I lived in Las Vegas and would party at Marquee this was the "go to" spot for a reasonable late night snack. The slices are perfect and always cooked well and service is very efficient on a busy night or a slower day. If you can't find seating inside there's plenty out by the pool table to relax and enjoy the atmosphere. Like always we enjoyed our visit here and its always fun introducing secret spots to people that have never been and not be disappointed.
Very professional from checking in and checking out with the front desk. My husband and I were celebrating our 1 year wedding anniversary and wanted a hotel that was gorgeous without all the commotion of a casino and drunks walking around everywhere. The lobby bar was exceptional with their small plates and cocktails were soo good (great place to people watch). Our hotel view from the 51st floor was awesome at night as well as during the day overlooking the Bellagio fountain. Housekeeping was fabulous with replenishing our complimentary water and keeping our room tidy. All around great experience!
The show was gorgeous and very stimulating to the eye. Every corner of the show had something going on or a gorgeous act under water. The love story was hard to follow I get it with good vs. evil (from my perception) but I was confused with some of the devils and then comedians and then warrior looking characters. Overall very awesome experience to be there and see such talent in and out of the water. I mean those women were brave walking on wet surface in high heels! Being afraid of heights myself... the drops they took from the harness from the highest point into the water was phenomenal and jaw dropping!! Will be back again, I suggest this show to anyone.. it seriously made me want to get into the pool and brush up on swimming and diving HAHA** PS for families they do not allow children under 5 so that is something to consider if you're choosing to see this show :D
Participated in the Rock N Roll Wine event Aug 1st they had here along with ZIGGY MARLEY concert. Let me tell you even though it was hot as hell at 9pm the ambiance and the 20 + wine samples and the great music made it all worth while! The beach area was perfect for the concert setting everyone was very relaxed and the staff was very helpful and making sure things were kept clean and friendly from security to bartenders. I cant wait to see another concert here at this venue! it was absolutely soo much fun and worth every dime!
Day bartender Aug 29th when our party of 4 visited was very rude. We had a few questions about their cocktails and the bartender seemed to get irritated. I used to bartend so I know when you are busy it can get a little overwhelming which is why I am giving 3 stars. The terrible service takes away from the gorgeous ambiance. Also I am sorry if I'm spending $15 on a cocktail and tip well I expect exceptional service. Cocktails were very unique and tasty!
After living in Las Vegas for soo many years I had never had the chance to get to the ice bar. We were checking out of our hotel and explored over to Monte Carlo to check out the ice bar before we took off Aug 1st. Front desk staff was very helpful and friendly with our luggage storing and keeping it safe (which they didn't have to do for us) My husband has always wanted to try this experience out as well so it was very enjoyable from wearing a huge parka and gloves provided and a photographer to take pics for you. This service helped because you aren't allowed to bring in anything with you but passes to get drinks depending on what package you buy. Checking out was fast and efficient and we got to choose if we wanted the photos for purchase or not. Bartender who helped us was very informative on different liquors we had questions about. $10 is not bad per drink either you're in Las Vegas..  It was a unique time and not something you do on a daily basis I really don't know why people are soo pissed or have negative feedback, what else did you expect?? Its an ICE BAR not a night club.
Wonderful restaurant. More affordable for weekday lunch. Get in line before 2:45pm if you want to get dinner menu on lunch prices. Alaskan Crab leg are good, not too salty. Prime Rim is the best, unexpectedly tender. Pasta Station is wonderful, good portions too. Sushi and Chinese stations are mediocre. Sea Bass and other hot seafood dishes are delicious, served in tiny bite size for better sampling. Save your appetite for deserts too. Creme Brulee, Tiramisu are on the top of my list. Definitely going back for more.
First time eating there since a very good deal for rooms at South Point. Surprise to see prime rib dinner on Wednesday. Descent price per head, $17. Very good prime rib. Some other meats in Carving station (Short Rib especially) are good too. Not too much seafood selection, only easy peel shrimp is served. However, Green mussel are good too, butter and garlic, my favorite. Pasta station serves great live action and has a very friendly chef. Asian Station has Mongolian Grill (or Tapanyaki) but a bit oily and salty. Very basic dessert selection but very nice. Overall, very good food for the good price.
When it comes to seafood buffet in Las Vegas, Village Seafood Buffet of Rio always wins the top spot. Price per person is $38.95. It is actually not bad for a place that offers sashimi, easy peel shrimps, hot and cold snow crab, fresh oysters, butter and garlic clams, steamed mussels, scallops to start. Great selections of hot plates such as lobster tails, shrimps, dungeon crabs, and stir-fried crab legs in Asian and Mediterranean style. Not to mention there are prime rib, toasted BBQ chicken, charbroiled Ma-hi Ma-hi, and stuffed crab shells. If anyone is going to crave in Village Seafood, please plan ahead and slow down. Try be only half full before you are done with entree. You really need to save some space for deserts. You will not miss the berries fruit tarts and other cakes made with dark chocolate, cheesecakes, cream puffs, low fat frozen desert in many flavors. Besides good food and excellence deserts, great customer service is also a plus. Very attentive server. Well deserve a $5.00 tip.
This is my first time dinning at Studio B. After browsed other Yelps' reviews, I decided to give it a try. This is a brand new resort and everything, including decors, is fresh and exciting. I love the layout of the restaurant. Service is exceptional, although I my table was busted out as I was waiting in the long line at the desert bar.
Can't beat this AYCE for just $26.99 and you can skip the rice. Hot dishes are ok, must try soft shell crap, kama. They are willing to custom make your sushi, rolls, and side dishes. Actually Japenese sushi chefs here, i guess more authentic than sushi bar speaks Korean.
I came to dine for the third time and still impressed by them. I have tried Bacchanal@Caesar Palace, but yet both places have their spotlights. presentation is always the best at Wicked. Portion sizes are amazing, which most of them are only bite sizes. That'll give you more room to try on something else. Prime rib and bone marrow are must-try items. their made-to-order Mac-N-Cheese has better variety now with more sauce options. Please leave rooms for deserts. sorbet and gelatos are to die for.
Worst place I have been to. The doctor was not able to perform the surgery well. It looks like he was drunk or under some stress. He dropped equipment couple of times and screw my anesthesia. The helping lady was very old and not in condition to work. Doctor puts all the blame on the lady but it was his fault. I would not recommend anybody to go there.
Stopped by in the morning before work at around 8:30 and their selection was vast. They have your classic donuts but they also have some cereal donut bars that were tasty, though don't leave them out for too long or the cereal gets stale and the donut unenjoyable. A perfect way to treat your coworkers on a Friday morning!
Came here for Father's Day a while back and expected it to be super crowded. With no reservation, the three people in my party waited about 45 min in the morning and luckily we were seated inside and escaped the deathly Las Vegas heat. The free banana nut muffin was a great little appetizer for our breakfast and the food was overall tasty. The highly reviewed corned beef hash was delicious but a little heavy/salty for the morning
Great food, good staff and great prices.  Hope thisplace stays a gem and doesnt hike up their prices and become too main stream
Went here with some friends and sat outside. We ordered the plate that serves more than one person. Can't remember the name. Wow! The meat was amazing! It had bacon, grilled chicken, steak, grilled sausages, rice, vegetables, fries and this red pepper sauce. It was amazing! I still remember how well it tasted a few days later. Will definitely be coming back here and bringing visiting friends and family. Come and eat here, you will not be disappointed.
Great family restaurant. The staff was warm and inviting. The food was so delicious. I wish I wrote down what I ordered but it came recommended by the waitress and it was heavenly. We will be going back again soon!
Very small shop. Reminded of Chinese food on the east coast. The food is prepared right in front of you. The prices are low and the food is very good. Restaurant quality? No. But for the price, taste and time it took to make I give it 5 stars. The fried rice was good. As well as the fried rice and red chicken curry. Will be coming back again.
Great steak, odd food pairings. We decided to try this restaurant for a date night. The service was great. The restaurant has a menu in at least five different languages which was very nice. My husband ordered the NY Cheeseburger which came with fries and coleslaw(why?). Although his cheeseburger tasted great it had no top bun? I thought it was a mistake but after seeing a few pictures of the same thing on here it was intentional. Not even the bottom bread was a hamburger bun it looked like a slice of French bread. I'm sorry I'm all for interpretations of food but eating a cheeseburger with a fork and knife should be a crime. I ordered a "Mrs steak" something and the steak was well cooked and flavored. The baked potato was tiny(half the size of a Russett potato) and it also had a side of their "block bread" which was a slice of garlic bread. Almost everything on the menu came with a side of coleslaw and baked potato with sour cream. I guess that's what the owner believes is "typical American". I'm torn with this place. The food was great but the place has some serious identity issues.
We came in here with our two small children and a couple of friends. The place is really small for indoor eating. We waited outside for a few minutes for a table to open. If your coming with a child that needs a high chair be prepared to sit them on your lap or next to you. The food was pretty good, we didn't read reviews so we didn't know what was recommended. Because we were in such small quarters any peep from our kids resulted in stares so we felt like we constantly needed to keep them absolutely silent. I would come back if I could sit outside so the kids could run around the square out front. I ordered the carbonara and I think it was overcooked because the egg wasn't tempered as it looked like scrambled eggs. I'm pretty sure the egg in the carbonara shouldn't be scrambled but form a creamy sauce. My husband loved his plate but I didn't try any. He had the pasta diavola.
Went to this place after it was highly recommended by a few friends. Loved that there is an entrance from the underground parking lot. The decor of the restaurant was minimal and maybe a little dated but the place was very clean. When my daughter exclaimed she needed to go to the bathroom I was a little apprehensive since I've read reviews that they were not sanitary but when we walked in, again dated decor but the bathrooms were spotless. We came in knowing that the food would take sometime. We ordered the Samosas and they were very good. My husband ordered the chicken curry and I ordered the chicken tikka masala. Both were good portions and delicious, and the rice as well. I ordered the mango lissa which was very good. We also ordered the garlic naan. That was the only thing that wasn't that great, or very garlicky. The waiter spoke English and German and was very courteous.
This place has delicious, no fuss, homemade Swabian food. The walls and ceiling had some beautiful wood paneling and antique paintings. I joked to my husband that it looked like the kind of place that you would go to after a day of hunting. We arrive around 5:45 because we didn't have a reservation and we're surprised to be the only ones there. We thought that was odd for a place with such great ratings, well, that changed quickly as within 10 minutes the entire place was full. It felt like being in the middle of a family reunion as the customers and staff seemed to greet each other like they were old friends. That was a key indicator that the food was good, if the locals know the place well it must be great. The entree menu had about 10 plates to choose from which made it easy to narrow down. We ordered the pepper steak and the butter schnitzel. The brown sauce on both was AMAZING and the beef was perfectly cooked. The fried scalloped potatoes were really nice and crispy. We also had some fresh green salad and potato salad that was very good. Even my husband liked the potato salad and he hates them. Service was friendly although not very attentive. The restaurant was pretty full though so maybe that was the reason. We will be coming back to try so more dishes!
We came in here for crepes and were shocked on how many delicious looking desserts they had on their menu. One of the items was a huge dessert called "chocolate shock" that was about 17 euros and was filled with different chocolate bars and ice cream.  Crepes were about 5 euros. We tried the Nutella, strawberry and banana. They had lots of different gelatos and they looked great but we didn't try any because we were so full.
I was looking for a place that can do a septum piercing at 1 in the morning and i found this diamond in the rough!!!  They are open 24 hours. Which is super convenient!! Plus they are reasonably priced! Now, the most important part, QUALITY! Tony (the counter girl) is super friendly and helpful. She has wonderful customer service and very informative. Jay did my piercing. He was amazing!! Clean and sanitary. I watched him disinfect the jewelry before starting. He explained the aftercare very clearly. I got sick a week later and lost the ball to my septum ring :(. It's beyond affordable to replace jewelry if anything happens to it. THEY EVEN PUT IT IN FOR YOU! They are absolutely AMAZING here. Friendly, knowledgeable, and clean. I recommend precious sluts to anyone who want a great quality piercing!!
If I can give this Taco Bell less than one star or negative stars I would.  A few different reasons made this place less than favorable. Reason number one. I had a large order one of the orders I specifically asked for a simple soft chicken taco. The lady taking the order repeated it several times back to me. When I got home she might wear today surprise they had given me. I am very very allergic to beef. This was strike one. When I return to make them aware of their mistake and simply have them fix it, it was a complete disaster. No one wanted to take responsibility for the order. And when they finally did it they were going to charge me extra. This was only strike twoAt this point, as you could imagine I was furious with them. The lady shoved the bag at me. And stated "here's your food"I went inside and asked for the general managers number they toss me a receipt and then just walked away. No one acknowledged that I was even standing there. I asked for a manager and they smirked and laughed.When the manager finally approached me he did not even introduce himself. He said that I just needed to come back tomorrow and talk to then.This was strike twoWhen I asked for an apology everyone at the store looked at me as if I were speaking a foreign language. It was highly embarrassing. I had to raise my voice for them to even acknowledge that I was speaking. Every time I talked they cut me off and made a condescending remark. One of the cooks came from the back and started yelling and cursing at me also. We got into a screaming match in the store. Very unprofessional. Very out of character for me as well.I would never return to this place. It was embarrassing and upsetting.I will not be returning to this Taco Bell do you to the lack of professionalism and accuracy. This was not the first time that they had gotten the order wrong. Or spoke in a disrespectful way to a customer. So sad
Awesome place!!! Go to Heather!!! she does an amazing job!! They have the best prices!!! I get my eyebrows, eyelashes, and a gel manicure and it's all well under $100 with tip!!! This is my favorite spot in Vegas right now!!! And the best part is that they last!!! They don't lift or chip!! Great job!!!
If i could give negative stars I would!!! I tried to add someone on the list and couldn't remember my number from 2 years ago and the Front Desk Milli told me "you should have changed your number with us a long time ago so thats you fault" and then kept hanging up on me! Never in life had i needed to deal with such a rude person!!! This place needs to be demolished!!! I am beyond offended! She wouldn't even take the rest of my information!!!! WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!
I am  extremely impressed by the customer care. The staff is friendly and happy. They freet you by name and the service is fast. I was nervous about braces but they made me comfortable and nearly painless. I wish I could give Dr Feller and his amazing staff 10 stars. They deserve it!!!Today I broke a bracket on my braces around 4:45. (They close at 5) I called to schedule the next available appointment. The lady who answered was more than just accommodating, she cared about my comfort level and worked to get me an appointment asap, even if I had to schedule outside of office hours. I wish I caught her name she was the best.Big thanks to the whe Feller team!! You are all amazing =)
I love love love America First. I would give the branch 5 stars if it wasn't for a representative named Brooke with a not so friendly attitude. Im trying to get information about my account. And instead of directly answer my questions she gave me a sarcastic attitude. I could pretty much hear her roll her eyes through the phone. When i told her that she was being rude her reply was 'Im not being 'rude' Not the friendly service that i usually experience when i contact this branch. If you aren't ready for good customer service then this might not be the field for her.
I have been to so many nail salons around vegas and this is by far the cleanest most friendly salon ive ever been to. I left my other nail place because the lady I had been going to for years started getting sloppy and impatient. Ive been on a hunt since mid last year for a new nail stylist and I FINALLY found one!!! Both peter and his wife are amazingly talented and friendly! They take their time with each client and give them 100% full attention.  The pedicure is amazing ,for an extreamly great price you get a hot rock massage. Talk about relaxing. You can tell by the quality of their work that they really care about the service that they give. I give the five stars!!!!
I'm highly disappointed in the lack of customer care the representatives provided. I was misinformed, quoted wrong prices, and told there was nothing they can do to help. I was told that in order to fix my iPhone I would have to be without a phone for 10 days...that's normal I understand. However a representative told me that there was a lender phone in the store (so that I will not be without o phone) and it would be on hold for 24 hours for me. When I got to the store, I was told that they could not give me the phone and that I would have to wait 3 weeks without a phone before I can get put on a list. Complicated. I called a different sprint and they told me to come right in. They would have a spare phone ready and the 'waiting list' is unheard of. Long story short. I feel that the "customer care" unit lacked customer care and didn't seem to show even the slightest bit of concern or even interest in the situation.
Mocha latte is awesome, but miss my old fling orchid latte. That was a unique beauty. It's always my first love. Oh orchid beauty where are thou in thy menu?
Bombay chicken was really good. Also, enjoyed the noodles.
Great Hakka Chinese food. The manchurian soup is to die for. Well worth the visit.
Szechuan chicken, Szechuan fries, chicken 88 was really good along with simple Haka noodles. Fried banana was a very nice dessert.
Shawarma plate with humus, garlic sauce, hot sauce, potatoes, salad and shawarma was awesome. Great price and filling.
Shrimp and chicken Singapore noodles with vermicelli type noodles was great. It can be ordered extra spicy, but regular was flavorful and plenty for two.
Anything shrimp dumplings. Taro bun and custard tarts are awesome.best place for serious dim sum. Nice atmosphere. Very busy.
Best flavors ever! Would eat the XLR pickle brined  chicken crisps!  Nashville hot if you can stand the heat.  A full pubs of white meat chicken, lightly battered with an awesome sauce.  The Moroccan ketchup is delish and so is the honey mustard.  Will chine back before we leave from our honeymoon! Glad we didn't wait for shake shack to open. And our waiter Bear was super nice too!
Ordered a strawberry banana smoothie and totallyyyy in LOVE! New place, glad I found it . Server, drink and the atmosphere are all LEGEND-waitforit-DARY!!! Alex (one of the servers) is the sweetest I've met, her smile totally made my day brighter !
I can not describe how great this car dealership has been to my husband and I. I have been through hell and back with other car dealerships! Infiniti has been the only dealership that doesn't scam you! Bryan and Amir have given us a fantastic deal, with no questions or scams. Quick and sooooo friendly! Thank you for all you do! I was going to get a Honda, boy was I lucky and so much happier with infinity, luxury cars for half the price of your comparable lower model cars.
I love this salon, everyone is so friendly as you walk in through the doors. The salon is remodeled and looks amazing. I been wanting extensions for several years, and haven't found anyone I could trust to do them. I was recommended through a friend that Gary at Zoltons salon does extensions. So I booked for a consult to see what he would say and how much. He helped me pick out colors and gave me a price range. Very professional and patient with me. We booked a day to put them in, and it's been over three months! I still have them and love them. Amazing colors that he helped me pick out! I am definitely getting a new set if and when these are done! My hair is fuller and longer, pricy but Sooo worth it. Gary is great, I'm taking my friends and family to get hair cuts by him now :)
Not bad, could use more variety on Chinese food, but overall great selection and taste, worth the cost.
I love everything about this place. Food/atmosphere/service all top notch. I would go here every week if I could. definitely on my top five fav places to eat in az :-)
Oh man! Boy did I love love love this place! I can't express all my joy but the drinks were amazing and food is healthy delicious! Went with friends on a busy Saturday night. We had drinks at the bar while we waited to get seated and had a few snacks, food didn't make me feel bloated, perfect portions.
Was not happy at all with this company. Had treatments done over a year ago. Paid $2000 for an "unlimited" full body laser treatments for one year. I have fair skin and dark hair making me the best candidate for laser hair removal. I think the girls hired are not trained properly and seem like they don't care about there job. They went super fast and missed entire areas and sections. After so many sessions, I only have about 15% of my body hair successfully removed. Never again will I go there and I do not recommend others do either. They don't do refunds either, even after they saw it was not successful. It has all to do with technique!
Despite what others have written, I have actually had a great experience at this location. Friendly service, and quick on a very busy Sunday afternoon/brunch time. They checked on our table every two min and always asked if we needed anything. Drinks here out quick and so was our food. Was hot and they got the order right, with no mistakes, pretty impressive. Anyways, hubby and I would def go back.
Haven't been here for several years, so decided I was in the area with my husband and we would stop by, I had a craving for Chinese food. Nothing we ordered was very good, I came home an hour later and was nauseous and vomited. Very nice staff, but food is not good
From the beginning I was supposed to move in as a newly wed end of July, beginning of august. When I explained my reasoning and the fact I was going to be out of town most of July and beginning of august because of my wedding and honeymoon, I was told I had to move in by June to keep the rate that I was offered. Ok, I said I guess that's the policy, don't understand why that was the case, the apartment was empty for several months, guess they just needed someone to start paying even if not living. I didn't fight it, whatever and paid for half the month of June and July. I get a bill from the complex end of June saying I have utilities to pay? Really, I told you I was in a different state, how and why are the utilities being used and billed to me? Out of fairness and understanding Stephanie agreed that the complex would take care of it. After moving in, in august, several months later my husbands changed bike was stolen from our balcony, we addressed the issue to the office, and they basically pulled up the signed contract and said sorry nothing we can do. So we asked if we can see the camera feeds to see if and when it left the complex. "oh we can't pull the feed on the cameras" they said. WHAT? Really so we pay for security and cameras that we can even view to see for our selves? What a joke! To top if off, I was told they needed a notice 60 days before we move out if we will decide to stay or move. Ok, great I called the day I was supposed to 60 days prior my moving date and gave them a VERBAL consent that we will be moving out from the apartments. Nicole states we need to fill out an exit interview paper and bring it back for the files. Mind you never was I told I would have to pay extra every day the piece of paper was late in the office. I brought it back several days later, and I get the notice saying that me and my husband will have to pay extra five days, and it states it in the email. UM, NOoooo the email states "if we do not hear from you by your lease date, you will automatically be placed on a month- to month basis at a rate which includes 10% premium" My lease expiration date is JUNE, 13! Nicole and Haley have major attitude issues, and not helpful at all for solving issues. When asked if we I can get a new gate remote, Haley stated I was not using remote correctly, I tried close up, far away and even right at the call station, it didn't work. After making me feel stupid, she finally gave me new one to try. I work for a corporate company myself and I hate to receive complaints, but I am tired of all the issues I am having to deal with! I would not recommend this place to anyone. The pool is great, and complex Is beautiful, that's about it.
Worth every dollar, been long over due for me, need to make this be a monthly thing! Always with Don for nails
My new spot for sushi. Worth the wait for sure on there busy days! Wow, the variety and the fresh taste! While waiting in line we spoke to a few people and one guy said he comes all the way from chandler to this place for sushi. I only understood why after we ate. Good service too! Very caring and friendly staff.
Not bad of a place. Unique.... I would come back. Good coffee and food, very fresh. But I wasn't full with the amount given. Medium to small portions.
As always lily is my go to! She always makes it happen as I show in pictures... only one I trust with my nails! And I always get compliments when she is done.
Just got my toes done by TENE. Gentle/quick and very reasonable price. Great job, very nice girls, will be back to fix my SNS nails that were messed up and over priced by a different nails salon. Read the great reviews through yelp and had to try it out.
My go too sushi spot on Saturdays! Once a month without fail! Only negative is the long long wait times. We wait sometimes for two hours just to dine in but that's on weekends and at dinner
So before my favorite burgers where from delux on camelback. Then my friends took me to this place. This is now my number one place in az. Amazing atmosphere, service is a little slow, but food is the best.
I called in with a bunch of questions. They were so helpful and nice. Compared to other driving schools my friends went to and spoke to me about, I had a much better experience. First of all they were quick on getting me a start date, there price was very reasonable. Jacob is great, if you need a defensive class he is the best one to go to. I would definitely recommend!
Overall nice place, food is good and so is the service. Only reason for four stars and not five is due to the fact that I don't like the set up of the seating. There drinks are better then other comedy clubs my husband and I have been to. So yeah overall, we go there from time to time and enjoy...
I feel the owner needs to come and check the resteraunt out. Chicken is tough and overly frozen. French fries are fried in old oil. Chicken wings are not in any way done correctly. The employees are nice and just doing there job. I am not upset at employees, I am upset with owner not watching the resteraunt and the food being made. I really feel bad for this place, very unfortunate. I hope the owner will see my message, before it's to late. I am sorry I hate to complain but it has to be said. I would have rather contacted the owner through an email but I can not find any type of contact information, and I don't want to ask the employees because I feel bad for them and don't want to make them feel bad
I can't get enough of this place! I always get the usual chicken shawarma, I love love love it, but I see photos and really wana try the combo meat platter. Owner is so nice and remembers my husbands and I order when we come in, always helping around in his restaurant and making sure everyone is happy. Food speaks for its self! I pray they keep it up, because Its our go to dinner place when I don't cook ha ha ha
I shop here almost every week. Everyone has always been so helpful and always have good advice. Never had any issues with returning things with a receipt. They pretty much always had everything I needed. Rarely I did have to go to target. But clean and fun place to shop
I have had the same car for 8 years. Been looking for a new one for over a year now. A college of mine said she had a good deal with these guys, and the cars are in great shape. I called and asked to see if they had the type of cars I have been looking for. Bigger selection then most other places I been to. They work with you in every way possible. Great place and great people.
Great service and very friendly brothers. I have been to other shoe repair and alterations shops, this one is by far very neatly kept and organized. They are very talented in there work. I have been coming to Yuri and Vladimir for many years along with my friends and family. They have always been honest in what can and should be worth it to fix and alter, there is close to nothing that they can't do, being in business for over 20+ years, they have mastered a lot in there work! They don't just do alterations on clothing and shoes, they also specialize in luggage/purses/leather work/ keys and watches! They are fair with there prices, with the amount of work and time that goes into Manuel labor. Vladimir pretty much does everything by hand and rarely uses machines, extensive tools and hard labor is applied with some shoes like boots. In general my family and friends have never had a problem with this shop! Its convenient, and I'm glad we have them, because there are not that many shops left with these type of repairs!
My spot every Wednesday! Love there rolls! Service could be better... They always forget details, but they work hard, sometimes seems like one server for entire resteraunt...
Love love love my hair color. I normally don't like change, kinda always had the same hair cut and my natural hair color. Decided it's time for a change after 25 years of boring same look. We decided on different tones of color to make my facial features glow. At first we did more of red tones, with light brown. It was nice and a subtle change... I wanted something more after three months, so went back and he suggested maybe going lighter. I didn't want to completely lose my red, and wanted it to pop here and there; so he added two more tones, much lighter. I received so many compliments, my friends and family love it. Getting hair trims every 3 months and my hair started growing so fast. I was always afraid to get cuts and he understood I wanted long hair and so a trim was necessary to achieve healthy looking hair and fast growth. Most places I have been in the past, they would never just give me a trim, it was an actual cut and I would have to wait so long for my hair to grow out again, so frustrated.Next I would like to try hair extensions, supposed to last up to six months :-)
My second time with dr Taylor. I come back and will continue to because dr Taylor actually takes her time with me and my family members that go to see her. I appreciate her patience and diligence in doing all she can for her patients. I have major anxiety when it comes to going to the doctors, she made it comfortable for me and painless. Her office has a fun vibe and everyone is super friendly. My favorite part is the the music, as you walk in, makes you feel relaxed and takes your mind off of your appointment worries. She even called me personally to talk about results. Ok, enough with my explanation, I recommend her as your gynecologist...
I been to many pei Wei restraunts in az. This one is the worst. I order different things all the time, but love the salads. Normally they bring a good side salad for the amount you pay for. This place brought me a small salad and my husband a small salad with maybe three bites of chicken. We both ordered different salads and we both were not satisfied. Never again. I love pei Wei but not when I get riped off for what I pay for.
Serge really cares and is passionate about his services, that means a lot in anything you do as a career/job wise. Everything is done with care and in a timely manner. Prices are affordable. I was very happy with what was offered and end result. You have nothing to lose but to try it out, I recommend it.
I don't see why people complain. It's nice to be able to go to a bar later at night and have a few good drinks and chat. I been here a few times. Service is not the greatest or fastest, but a pretty busy and nice spot to enjoy late night friends gatherings and watch some games.
Professionals with there own studios, beautiful modern setting and design, very welcoming environment. Have pretty much every beauty service in one location, so convenient and fresh.
Kids come here so expect things to be a little dirty and a little crazy, but who cares! If I need to wait 3 hours for a great doctor, I will. People complain so much it's crazy. The docs are great. I love this place. I had my son see different doctors and wasn't disappointed, they take as long as you need them to, if your child is doing over all ok then yes doctor will only take 5 min, I don't see that being a problem. This practice is busy, and that should tell people something. I wouldn't take my son to a place where the doctor has all the time in the world, clearly those doctors not in demand and or popular.  As far as complaints about wait time or rooms not being clean, well it's a peds clinic, it's expected, so is the wait time. understand that every child is different so docs might be behind or ahead of schedule, same as if it was your child that needed more time that put others a little back. The fact that you might have to see a different doctor every time shouldn't be an issue, I have been to places where that's not even an option, so I am grateful and always trust who is available.
Came here last weekend and I loved everything. I bought a set of macarons and a 2 cakes the Zen and diamond. The macarons were not only cute but delicious. I like them because they offer the perfect texture for the shell - not too hard and not too soft. I actually find the slight chewy centre very unique and tasty. The chewiness compliments the cream in my opinion. The cakes were excellent my only comment would be to make the diamond a bit less sweet. Overall thr staff were very friendly and the shop itself was clean and simple. Ample parking in both north and south lots. Recommended to come
Great staff,  quality tattoo work!!  Love  joey the manager!  And Allen! Will definitely get all my work down here.  I highly recommend this place to everyone,  and will tell friends about it!
Excellent staff and doctors!!! Doctor Grolle was my doctor last year. He delivered my daughter! Every appointment,  he knew my chart without reading it in front of me. He took time each time to ask me questions, and to make sure I didn't have any unanswered questions. When it came time for labor and delivery, he was so kind and gentle, explaining everything to me as he went along.  He came by the NICU a few days after and visited us. He is very caring to his patients! I recommendhim to all my friends! I plan to use him for all my pregnancies! Thanks WHASN.
Went here for the first time.  Was delicious. The service was attentive and the experience was great !
Places like this need to be all around the city. Everything was great ! The food was cooked fresh, the staff has a good attitude.
We planned my parents Surprise 60th Birthday party at Gray's and couldn't have been happier with how the evening turned out. Nicki is a big help in planning, estimating food portions and offering suggestions for drink packages. The space itself is great. Very wide open for guests to socialize, sit and eat/drink. Because it was a surprise the staircase led to a great way to have all guests stand to shout Surprise as my parents entered Grays! The staff was very friendly and accommodating throughout the whole night. I'd highly recommend Gray's to host parties!!
When Jackie and Leilei owned this place Asian Kitchen rocked my socks off. Now it's just OK. Fortunately, they still make a mean General Tso's Tofu, I must say.Also, the full entrees are gigantic for the price. Highly recommended if you're going to pay for a Dinner Combo--just make the upgrade, it's worth the extra pound of food you get.
Best. Food. Ever. But only open until 4:30pm! And not Sundays either. Regardless, the Akin's plate has to be one of the premiere bang-for-your-buck meals on State Street.
Dao Kitchen is definitely my favorite Chinese cuisine in the Peoria area. I always get my Chinese fix here. I have been here probably 10+ times. I've gotten orange chicken, almond chicken, and sesame chicken- all super good! Fried rice is great! If you eat in-restaurant, the chips and sauce are awesome as a chips&salsa-like appetizer. Orange chicken is done in a really different way than what I have ever seen but I really like it! It's a bit different but it's pretty yummy! Delivery and take-out are fast and fresh! I love how fast I can order and get my food! Also, this last time I was there I got an order of orange chicken, rice, and egg drop soup (also yum!) for $18. I ate  4 meals out of it! Definitely worth it to me as a college student!!
Ate here early in the morning. Just got in. The food was amazing but the service was so awful. Waited forever for drinks, asked for a few things they never arrived. Sad because the for was so yummy. Overcharged us for avocado in the tree hugger Benedict despite the fact it's supposed to come with avocado. Disappointed.
I always stay at the mirage when I go to Vegas. Our family friend is a VIP member at the hotel, so he always gets us fantastic rooms. What I love about the mirage is that it's seemingly the only dog-friendly hotel in Vegas. So many hotels on the strip have a nonexistent pet policy. However, that being said, I had to fill out an extensive amount of paperwork regarding my dog and put down a hefty deposit. The pet relief area, however, is amazing. While the mirage rooms are nice, the lobby is extremely dark, dirty, and smokey. While this is nothing new (I mean...c'mon it's Vegas), it's much more run-down and tobacco-filled than many of the other casino resorts. The carpet seems filthy and there's literally no room to breathe. I had to rush my poor pug outside so he didn't get sick. Secondhand smoke is a real problem that the mirage needs to acknowledge for the safety of their guests. They also recently changed the room service menu. While it is 24/7, which I appreciate, the new menu is not nearly as good as the old. The food is supplied by the lobby restaurant. Rather than rolling food in on a cart with silver trays and ornamentation, they literally hand you a bag. Not very upscale. 1 oak is a blast. It's rather small, so definitely get a table if possible. The dance floor is super crowded and several men attempted to pickpocket me. I would recommend this hotel especially if you are visiting with your pet. I would highly recommend going the VIP route at the mirage, as well. The VIP lounge has a separate check-in/check-out lounge with free drinks and snacks. The VIP concierge can also guarantee you tickets to sold-out shows which I never knew. I went to the regular concierge for Daniel tosh tickets. They told me they were sold out. I then went to VIP and they got me and my boyfriend fantastic seats. Lastly, they can put you on the list at any club in Vegas. Well-worth the heftier price.
Horrible horrible customer service! They have one person working early morning and she moves slower than a snail! She hates her job and it shows! She talks down to people she trains.. Starbucks is known for their great customer service and she doesn't have what it takes!
Samuel gave me excellent customer service!! He greeted me with a smile and asked how my day was going! I wouldn't go elsewhere!! Thank you Samuel for your wonderful customer service!!!!
I wish there was a way to give them zero stars!!! The customer service is horrible!! They are rude and talk down to their customers!! Don't waste your money coming here go somewhere else!!!!
I drove 30 minutes to get a tan, and the girl tells me that since I have my daughter with me she can't allow me to get a tan! Horrible customer service!!! I've brought my daughter with me before and it was never an issue!!! I will be canceling my membership!
They are simply amazing and accommodating!! I will definitely be back, and will refer my friends and family to them!
A really good place, iv'e been a few times, and there is so much options that I really can't decide what to eat only after 25 minutes. The ambiance has this warm feeling and although there is a lot of space, it is always somewhat calm. Sadly, there isn't much desert, which I kinda always look forward to in places like this.Good for groups and pretty cheap too!
Ben was awesome and friendly!! He came to me and was able to get the new key made in a few minutes. Service was top notch and I would definitely use again. Great price too!
Kelly at uBreakiFix was absolutely amazing. She worked me in right away and swapped out the new ram on my laptop in no time. She was really kind and a pleasure to deal with. Would 100% use them again in the future. THANK YOU!!
This place is a joke DONT BUY FURNITURE HERE IT IS SUPER CHEAP AND EXTREAMLY EXPENSIVE. I PICKED up a bed frame that was supposed to be solid wood however the pressbord fell apart 3 days after install and they refuse to do anything about it it was delevired on the 1st and now I have to wait till the 30th for there repair company to come out and try and fix it. so I have a 1700$ piece of crap that I can't sleep on. Jiant joke of a company
We enjoyed our first dining experience at Okra's Cookhouse & Cocktails from start to finish!   The atmosphere was loud and friendly, the food, and especially our server, Morgan were wonderful! The menu offers a nice choice of very flavorful, Southern comfort food made with a variety of ingredients that heighten the food far from average. Southern food with a twist- far different from our South West flavors of Arizona.       Because my wife and I didn't recognize some of the ingredients and descriptions on the menu, we called our server over. She was extremely helpful and friendly- that Southern hospitality we've all heard of and is so sorely missing in most restaurants these days. In fact we spoke with three servers and one of the cooks (we were seated at a tall table, near the kitchen window)     We enjoyed our food immensely, it was very fresh, flavorful and portions were generous.We plan on going back-there are so many more starters, entrees and deserts we're looking forward to trying!
Absolutely worth the money for a table... I was skeptical at first due to the prices of the bottles, I ended up saying screw it and bought a table some beer and a bottle of tequila. By far the best time I had in Vegas. I ended up blacking out and having my finance guy take me to the suite. - to the workers at ebc I'm sorry for falling asleep and apparently throwing up - But the staff here is super nice and made the night possible.If you're debating on a table, do it!!!!!
I came by around 11:30pm and had never tried this coffee place before and figured I'd give it a shot. So just keep in mind that they close the kitchen around 11pm. If you want food show up earlier than that.My experience is based only on my interaction with an employee named Jose and simply the coffee he made for me.I asked what they were known for and he said the caramel macchiato, I agreed. I wanted food but I had shown up too late, that's okay no problems there. But simply the way he talks to customers and the coffee he makes... Makes this review a 5 star. By far the best drink I've had in long time. He didn't make me feel bad for coming in late, or asking plenty of questions. Exactly what I look for in customer service, being that I work in that field.If management sees this, give this man a promotion or something! He deserves it by his display of exceptional customer service. Thank you Jose, I'll be back for sure.
Highly recommend... The food is delicious and very fresh. We only waited about 10 minutes on a packed Sunday morning and no one was rushed. Nikki is an AMAZING server. She was friendly, fun, and actually took the time to talk to us. And she was like that with all her patrons. She is an asset to this establishment and I want to go back for the food AND her. Love this place.
I paid $45 for two tickets and there are no seats. This is awful. It's a dinner cruise line.
I'm so confused what this bar is supposed to be. Stained carpet, smelled like 100 ashtrays and scary. What is it!!!
This is the worst service I've ever received in my life. 45 minutes for drinks and he forgot half our order. The food sucks. Do not come here for a good meal.
Went there because I heard good things about it from a coworkers husband. Loved the vibe there. Didn't get the barbers name but he sat down and actually asked me what kind of haircut I wanted. He did exactly what I wanted. Great price ($15) for a haircut too. They also have their own line of pomades of which I purchased the High Life pomade.
really good pizza... hot and just the right amount of greasy from the pepperoni! super friendly on the phone and the delivery person was really nicewe ordered a sheet pizza with pepperoni and two order of their garlic dough swirls total was under 30 bucks for a TON of food, good value compared to many placesa menu came with the delivery and I like what I am seeing, subs look real good... to bad we are only staying at the local Courtyard Marriott for one night!
I had the displeasure of attending a wedding reception at Our Lady of The Cedars and it was a huge disappointment.  The cook was an obnoxious, loud, rude jerk who treated people like garbage.  He yelled at staff in front of the guests, called the bride a sexist profainty to her face, was awful to the bartenders, DJ and cake baker.  On top of that his food was awful.  The man felt compelled to coat everything in paprika because he is a lazy horrible cook.  I do not in any way recomend this facility, what a joke.
Price isn't everything folks!  If you're looking for great customer service and for someone to answer their phone, look elsewhere!  Save yourself the frustration!  No wonder they had to change their name!  Too many complaints!  Always check with YELP first!  Those people writing the reviews don't lie!
This company was everything it's competition wasn't!  Great Communication - Great Price and Great workmanship!  I did all the research including getting estimates from all the companies who send out flyers as well as the companies that were at the Home Show, and this is the only company who had a 5* rating on Yelp as well as an A+ Rating at the BBB!  That's hard to get in the service industry!  Save yourself some time and go with a company that delivers on time where you won't have any frustrations!  They stand behind their product should there be any problems!  That's what you want at the end of the day - not the lowest price!  Trust me on that one!  You won't be sorry!
I brought in a ring to be sized last Friday, and James said that it would take 9 days!  I was pleasantly surprised when they called me on Tuesday to pick it up!  I will definitely do more business with this jeweler as they are service oriented, and  very fair!  I like when people under promise and over deliver!  That is very rare today, and they were very fair too!  I will definitely be back, and will tell all of my friends about the wonderful experience that I had!  I trust them and trust is Everything!  There are very few jewelers  that you can trust today, and when you find one, you better hold on to them because they're a gem!
I bought an expensive My Flat in London purse and mini purse to match from this store a few years ago, and they gave me a certified # to get them cleaned for free once/year!  I sent them in 2 years ago, and they cleaned the big purse and smeared the writing on it! I brought it back a year later and they sent them both in to be cleaned, and they were returned filthy dirty!  I told the manager that that was unacceptable so she sent it back to be cleaned again only to be returned in the same shape!  They finally told me that canvas bags couldn't be cleaned!  I contacted Lauren at the headquarter office at 800-628-7687 and she has put me off for 3 weeks!  She says that she will call me back, but doesn't!   Her word means absolutely nothing!  They simply don't care!  Still waiting to see what they're going to do for me since I've made so many trips to their store only to pick-up dirty purses!  Not happy, for sure!  I have asked for a complete refund or a deep discount on the purses!    I will report back when this finally gets resolved!   Let's see how long it takes!?!  Buyer Beware when you buy an expensive Brighton Purse and expect it to be cleaned!   Their word doesn't match their actions!  :(   Nancy M.
I got a mailer in the mail and called First Impressions for an estimate!  Les Townsend came out and gave me an estimate, which was the highest of the 3 I had gotten!  I went to the Home Show on 4/29/17 and told the lady at the desk that I had just gotten an estimate from them and I asked if i could get their "Show special" of 10% off!  She said "No" since the estimate was already given to me on 4/27/17 - 2 days apart!  Now that IS NOT the right thing to tell me when I was a "Potential" Client!  She is very definitely a detriment to the company along with being rude!
This is the most AWESOME nail salon I've ever in twenty years been to, Anna is the BEST in the business all the way around. I'd challenge anyone to find this great of workmanship at these low prices. I refuse to go anywhere else.Carol Jones.
The unfortunate moment , when you compliment a female staff,and that means you are too intoxicated . Even though the bouncer says you are completely competent. This is highly prejudiced and discriminatory on the part of the staff of this establishment. ** it also should be noticed that i was completely cooperative with the staff, and made no actions to create a scene.
As stated in my previous review, we went back to try more crepes before my friend and I left town. We again split two crepes - the Maple Dream and the Banana Berry Cinn.  The flavor combinations were perfect.  Fresh, flavorful and absolutely delicious!  They offer savory, sweet and breakfast crepes.  There are a large number of veggie options too.  Affordable and delectable.  Just wish my stay had been longer...I probably would have gone back to try the Chicken Curry crepe.  It sounds amazing too.
This place is a class act! Great selection of wines, rums, and all of the pinnacle vodka flavors. Plus they have a bar and tastings. Prices are extremely reasonable.
To make my companion's first time to Las Vegas memorable, I decided to get a suite that faced the strip. The view from our suite (one of the biggest I've stayed in) was beautiful. Full view of the strip, Luxor, Excalibur, MGM, Bellagio, and the other big name hotels. My companion loved the decor and for the price, well worth it. I enjoyed my stay and wouldn't mind renting another suite for another time. If you want a beautiful view, ask for the strip view, otherwise, you'll be looking at the mountains.
This was an upgrade compared to the room across the street (Golden Gate). I personally liked this one a lot better. It looks more like a real hotel compared to the dinosaur we stayed in the night before. Yes, it's not a five star, but you're not paying for a five star. I would say it's decent for the price. I wouldn't mind staying here again, especially with the guys.
Wow. $10 for cover? Everyone drunk off their ass. Just a loud, obnixous bar. It's seriously like someone dumped a large outhouse from the country in the middle of the New York, New York Hotel.Seriously, I paid to get in here? Let me ram my head into the wall for doing so. Something!! The music, sucked. Which a jukebox" played music most of the night. The "entertainment" (some girl on the bar trying to hype the crowd up), sucked. The drinks, sucked. What the hell? I think I could've had more fun walking the strip then paying to get into here. Just wasn't feeling the crowd, the vibe, the EVERYTHING.I do have to say, the bouncers were some of the chilled and coolest bouncers out there.This bar should play Bubba Sparx "Ugly", cause it 'sho was.Never-the-frick-again!!!
Being as this was the only thing open around 2 in the morning and not feeling like getting back into our cars to drive somewhere to eat, we ended up at Raffles.This diner is open 24 hours and is literally steps from the Bayside Buffet. The burger reminded me of Fat Burger because you can have an egg, chili, and bacon on your burger. Heart attack city, here I come!!The waiter was decent, but the cooks sure got a lot of our burger orders (about 10 of us ate here) mixed up. Overall, an OK experience if you're staying at Mandalay, just a star above Denny's.
I went here because I saw Rachel Rey say how good it was and what not. I'm sorry Rachel, but I don't agree that it was that great. It was decent, but for the price, I'd probably would've gone to Main Street Station for their buffet. It was basic buffet food, nothing seemed like it was fresh, more like, frozen items heated for the buffet. It was ok, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
I came here with my gf at the time and our mutual friend. I was quiet pleased that it was quite decent for lunch at the time ($13.99/person). I originally thought that no buffet could match up with Bellagio's. Boy, was I wrong. We all enjoyed this buffet a lot more than Bellagio's. There was a station with just salads that were getting freshly tossed by the servers. There was the usual fruit/dessert station, the meats, pastas, and what not. I really liked the selection and went back about 3-4 times *oink. I think I may have found my new favorite when it comes to buffet and it's The Buffet @ The Wynn.**Update** Brunch was $32 and change on a Saturday. Food was still as good, but a bit pricier as this is now a favorite amongst visitors to Las Vegas.
W-T-F? Service totally sucked here. I came here for their famous Eiffel Tower margaritas. So, I find out this night, if one side doesn't have the Eiffel Tower cups, guess what, YOU have to go to the other side. Yup. YOU, as in, the patron, who's paying for a drink basically have to waddle yourself to the other side. This is a pain in the ass, especially when the other side is PACKED with people. -2 starsSecond, when I did get one, the lady didn't even fill my tower up all the way, it was half way!! That's why you got no tip, are you looking at my review? Are you? Considering it wasn't that cheap to buy one of these drinks, you'd think she would actually fill the damn thing up, but noooo. -2 starsGustav, sorry, but you suck. I'll probably be getting my monster margaritas some where else. Good day.
Vegas! Do you REALLY need a 5 star hotel to stay in? Do you REALLY need to pay oodles of cash to lay your head considering you'll be spending most of your time not in your room, but out and about and probably getting yourself into some sort of  "mischief". Bally's is one of the "older" hotels that's located in the middle of strip. So, if you're the type to hoof it, this hotel's location will suit you just fine. Considering the room was comped (thanks D-Block), I don't know how much we paid, but for the price of free, ninety free, it was perfect. The basic rooms are just that, basic. It reminded me a lot like Best Western's or Motel 6's I've stayed at before. So, if you don't mind that kind of decor, then I don't see a problem staying here. If you're more for the modern decor, glitzier bathrooms, the other, more modern hotels would be a wiser choice.Overall, the rooms were good for what they were (considering we probably we only in them for 10 hours of the entire weekend). This is the kind of hotel I would go with my friends and not worry about trying to "wow" them. So if you want to have more of a blast spending your money on gambling, clubs, and alcohol, book here and save yourself some change and use it towards fun!
Hype. It either is the maker or breaker of expectations. Unfortunately, this didn't live up to the hype. Almost everyone that eats late night or has a recommendation for other than regular eats on the strip, will utter this name.The food wasn't bad, hell, it was good and flavorful like a lot of places in L.A. I would even dare to say a bit better. The service, well, I don't expect much, but it was satisfactory. The thing that makes no sense to me at all, the ordering system. Why is there 1 person and a separate line for a selection of meats? Why?! The lines would move so much quicker if they had people in the back cutting up said meats while 4-5 counter people take orders. Nope, they think having 1 guy handling each specific meat and 1 guy handling sides (grilled peppers, onions) is the way to go.Well, it's not. It's a huge and annoying clusterf**k of people in line. It just makes no sense. Then, I wanted to buy an agua fresca, but no one told me how to get a cup. What? I ended up with a can of Coke. Meats and wares are good, but again, don't get the system of ordering and considering this is quite some ways away from the strip and the wait for food I can get in a good taqueria in L.A., I'll pass.
Honestly, like most outlets, the prices really aren't that big of a difference. I've found the only times it's cheaper at outlets is when the specific store was having a sale themselves. I know this outlet has been around for a while, but it still looks and feels new/clean. The only problem, they have these fans that are supposed to cool you down with misters, but the dang mist always gets blown by the wind, meaning, no cooling down. Efff the heat. Effff it I say!
Rooms I believe are all suites. Beautifully furnished living room area, with a business desk with a binder that allows you to doodle. Walls decorated beautifully with art. LCD flat screen and a guest bathroom (toilet and sink). Comfortable couches, beautiful small wet bar.The bedroom is beautifully done with a huge, soft, comfortable bed. A LCD flat screen tv. The closet also doubles as the dresser drawers. The main bathroom is connected to this room. His/Hers sinks, a huge tub, a two-person shower, and a separate toilet room.The view we ended up with overlooked the pool of Mandalay Bay, so we basically had a head's up on how crowded or not crowded it is.
First and foremost, I would have to thank Cheska for taking us here and for Dave's incredible hospitality. After a night of drinks and karaoke (where one guy thought Linkin Park was some sort of Death Metal group the way he sang "In The End"), we were convinced to come here by Cheska at the mere mention of "tacos". Oh, not just ordinary tacos mind you, but duck tacos. Yes, the aquatic fowl that is wildly enjoyed by this Yelper.Lo and behold to our surprise, after hours, they have their own set of Happy Hour type pricing and serve tapas (which the duck tacos are a part of).You'll have to excuse my lapse in memory, I had more than a couple of beers prior to getting here and then some when we did get here, heh. Sirloin Skewers, drizzled with a sweet teriyaki glaze - it was bit on the sweet side, and the beef being a little tough, but it was still good and wasn't overly sweet/drowned out by the sauceMousakka - with nicey spiced lamb (which I normally don't care for) and melted cheese, but this was really good served with pita breadDuck Tacos - shredded duck meat, in a small hard corn shell, served with chopped up veggies and a cilantro type sauce; it was good, a bit on the small side, but it wasn't something that would knock you off your feet, still one of my favorite things we gotI also believe we got other dishes, but again, my mind was too cloudy to remember. I do remember, that everything was decently good (I know I was drunk, but even I know what tastes good or not). I wouldn't mind coming back here in the wee hours of the night/morning to meet up with Dave again. Good food, GREAT company (friends and Dave). I had no problem that when we did leave, the sun was coming up and I wouldn't mind doing that again.
My friend Patrick was right for once. We normally don't have the same tastes when it comes to restaurants, but he was right on the money with his assessment on this one. He told me to walk in with an "open mind" though for him, it was, "just OK". Well, even with his encouragement, this place is another victim of the hype machine. I've seen numerous food shows covering the lines, the madness, and huge fanfare that covers Shake Shack's NYC location. So, you can only imagine how happy I was to find out that there was one in Las Vegas (not having to pay for a flight to NYC to try this out). To be fair, since I've had In N' Out and Five Guys, I ordered the following to compare:Double Shack Burger; good, juicy patties, seasoned well, unfortunately someone had a heavy hand on the seasoning this night as the flavor kept going, as in, it turned out to be salty. Otherwise, it would've been a great burger, even though it is a bit on the small side (especially for the price tab)Cheese fries; crinkle cut with a cheese sauce. My favorite part of the meal.Fifty/Fifty; which was just right, even though it might be a premixed drink, it was fine.Overall, it is worth trying and a good product, but I don't know if I would frequently go here especially for the price point and overall value.
One of the well known resorts on the strip. It's a beautiful place, but my biggest problem was, no one knew where the Venus Gardens were! We went here for my friends wedding, and we were directed up and down the the entire resort, no lie. It was cool to actually meet up with some of the other people that were part of the wedding party as well. We thought we were at the right location, until the groom calls and tells us, to go back to the front of the resort as that's where it's taking place. So, minus one star for the people that work here that don't even know where to tell us to go! I do give them a B for the effort. One lady who was nicely dressed, actually walked around with us for a little bit and tried her best to make sure we found our way. Well, we finally arrive and it was a beautiful day/evening for the nuptials to take place. The gathering of friends, family, and seeing the smiles on the faces of the onlookers. What a great way to end such a stressful run through the casino to be here for this. Congrats again Mr. and Mrs. Goose! I love you both!
The last time I was at this buffet (while it was still "The Aladdin"), I seriously wanted to choke someone out for making me pay for the filth they served me that they decided to call "food". Seriously, when I pay, I at the very least expect somewhat decent food.Well, low and behold, after finally arriving in Las Vegas around 7:30 in the morning, I was famished and wanted to eat something! Anything! Being that my friend and I stayed at Planet Hollywood (what it is now), he did some gambling and actually got himself a voucher for a free buffet. So, why the heck not? Even though in the back of my mind, I did cringe a little when it was mentioned because of the horrible time I had last time. We were off!The buffet was around $14 and change. I was surprised that they had a make-your-own-waffle station (you actually ask one of the cooks to put the batter into the waffle maker and wait), make-your-own-omelette station  (same premise, but you get a small array of veggies - onions, mushrooms, green peppers, ham, and cheese). I don't know what's happened to me, but after taking a nicely, freshly made waffle (with the "PH" Planet Hollywood logo on it), my omelette, roast beef with horseradish sauce, bacon, and sausage, I was done. No more! The thing I did notice, I actually enjoyed the food! If you're staying here and want a decent breakfast buffet, this is were I'd probably go to.
Honestly, some people might like being treated like sh*t. Even if it's all in good fun, I'm not the kind of person that would PAY to be "ribbed"/joked at. I have my buddies who will do that for free, why go to a place where you just want to get your grub on and PAY for abuse?It's funny, some of our servers jokes bordered on sexual harassment as one of the girls in our party didn't seem to like what he was saying. Again, some people may like it and think it's A-OK, but I wasn't feeling it.The food was basic bar food, nothing really to write home about and it was a bit on the pricey side for what it was.The only good thing about the place, if you order a "Large" margarita, expect it to be about 40 or so more ounces. My friend and I tried to finish this from here to state line and I ended up knocking out (because of traffic) and when I did wake up at State line, I was already hung over, lmao. So, I would probably come here just for that drink and eat elsewhere. I would rather have sh*t talked back and forth between my friends and I, instead of some server who basically gets to do what he/she wants.
My friends and I were in town for some serious eating and we found a Oyster Bar in one of the local casino's (name escapes me at the moment). We get there and see that the line is long, so we walk out and see Landry's across the street with, of course, "OYSTERS" written on the wall. So we thought, why not? It couldn't possibly be any busier than the small Oyster bar we attempted try.The fist thing I noticed walking in, there was hardly anyone in the restaurant. I would say out of 20 tables, only 2 were occupied. That was a bad sign, but I didn't let it get to me.We are seated and our orders are taken. Our drinks are promptly served, and our appetizers don't come out too much later.I had a bowl of the Lobster Bisque. It was one of the best Lobster Bisque's I've ever had. It was nicely creamy, with the hint of the lobster, and just enough "umph" from the spices. So, great job on that Landry's.That's where the happy ending comes to, well, an ending. We start the waiting game for our other dishes / main courses. One by one, they start to show up, but mind you, at least 20 mins between EACH dish passes before the next one gets delivered. By the end of about an hour and a half (after we did speak to our waitress, about what was taking so long - at which her only reply was, I don't know. Needless to say, the food (when we did get it) was decent, but the service destroys the entire experience. Of course by the duration of waiting for our dishes and actually getting them, the place did finally have more patrons. It was weird though, even though they showed up after us, a lot of them seemed to be served before us. Maybe next time, I'll just call for pickup?
The atmosphere of Peppermill is reminiscent of Downtown Las Vegas' "hey day". The motif of neon lights and wall to wall mirrors (looks like deconstructed disco balls) scream "old school".You have plenty of choices when it comes to the fare. It's quite a cornucopia / mishmash of food. I had the pulled pork sandwich which was quite tasty, but it wasn't something that wowed me. Pork was tender and shredded, but was a basic sandwich.Basically, I should have tried something that was more on the "diner" side (burgers, sandwiches) instead of something like a pulled pork sandwich that takes a lot of time to cook. Basically I learned not only from here, but from any place that serves "BBQ", if there's no pit and you don't smell it in the air, don't order "BBQ".  In conclusion, Peppermill is more for nostalgia of earlier Vegas with Denny's type food. It's just a smidge above Denny's, but not by much.
Challenging workout however the motivating coaches and friendly staff make it worth the major sweat! Awesome place.
It's really beyond my expectation. The food here is welcome by my families from China and the service is pretty good!
The gym itself isn't bad. Equipment and bathrooms are standard for the most part.Things start to suck when you try to cancel your membership. Absolutely painful process. I don't even have a contract with them anymore (1-year contract is done) but they have an auto renew process where your membership just continues pass the contract date. The way they have it setup, you have to come in and make an APPOINTMENT with the manager to cancel your contract. Except when I got there, he was busy. I saw him walking around but apparently he can't cancel it because I don't have an appointment. So I played their game and made an appointment (he is only available once a week every Thursday), I came the next Thursday and waited. Nothing, he can't see me because of some bogus reason. I emailed Monika and still no response. Its 2017 I would hope there's a way to cancel membership via phone or mail (like LA Fitness or Planet Fitness).
Bf and I were in Pittsburgh for a day before we had to fly back to NYC. I yelped some good places to eat.. and found Primanti.I ordered the corned beef and cheese sandwich and the bf ordered the roast beef and cheese sandwich. It comes with cole slaw, tomatoes and fries in the sandwich! It is THE most IMPOSSIBLE sandwich to eat but it was damn good!! I was glad that we decided to choose Primanti for lunch. Plus knowing that Anthony Bourdain had tried it, it makes it more well worth trying!If I ever happen to be in Pittsburgh again, I'd definitely try the cheesesteak or the Capicola sandwich. OOH or the ragin cajun chicken sandwich.. MMMM....
Delicious! Great grilled chicken burrito with guac for free. I thought it was better than Chipotle.
The food is phenomenal. Instead of Ben & Jerry's ice cream, I'd rather eat a whole quart of Banzo's hummus with a spoon.
Horrible.  We switched from Cox to Centurylink purely for the price of the internet. We just need it for computers and video streaming, 10 Mbps.  Unfortunately, the service has been occasionally down or extremely slow.  In the last 2 years, we've had no service at least 4 times. When we call to notify them, they say "It looks like the service in your whole area is down" and it usually takes a few days to fix.  Whenever they "fix" our problem, it takes 2 or 3 visits b/c they don't have the proper part or the guy isn't qualified.  But the most recent case was the worst.  We were told that we would be upgraded to 25Mbps at no extra charge.  But instead, they charged us $100 for the install and an additional $30/month.  When we called to complain, the Centurylink service will not let you remain on hold and wait for an agent.  Instead, you can leave a voice message that they promise to return.  We left 3 messages in December and never got a call back in the last 3 weeks.  They did however, finally waive the install fee and the late payment fees from the last month. We had Cox before, but switched for the price though the Cox service was always good.  I'd suggest going with Cox.  Higher price, but better, more reliable internet service and customer service.
Was okay. Didn't taste that fresh. Very nice staff and service. The Crawfish was so small and not even worth trying to eat because it was so skinny and dried up. I however liked their sweet potato fries. My brother and boyfriend got really sick eating their mussels and shrimp. They stayed in our hotel room the whole night and was having food poison symptoms. 3 days later they are still feeling the wrath and haven't fully recovered. I feel guilty rating this place so low but if your family members can barely walk due to overwiping and nausea, you would feel inclined to do so too.
Very good sandwich shop. Really good large fresh sandwiches,  friendly owner and staff. Definitely coming back.
I have been taking my 3 cars there for years. Honest, dependable, fast work. I never feel like I am being taken advantage of or over charged. I highly recommend them.
I can't give negative stars but I would!! Doesn't deserve zero stars!! This is the worst flight I have ever been on!! We were flying from Mexico to Denver, unfortunately there isn't a direct flight this time of year so we had a connecting flight in Phoenix. There was only about 50 minutes for our connection and it was completely on the other side of the airport. We literally ran, had to get out baggage, go through customs and security, needless to say we didn't get our connection. We were running, got to the gate and they literally just closed the gate, still with 10 minutes remaining before our flight actually departures. They just said "sorry" and told us to go to customer service. Customer service wasn't much more help, told us to read what on our ticket and it states that they close the gate 10 minutes prior to departure to prevent late comers waiting until the last minute?? So it's our fault that they book flights without enough time to connect to your next flight and just say too bad, maybe you'll get in the next one standby 6 hours later. Rude and unbelievably UN-accommodating! I will never fly with us airways even if it was for free!!
I like that they're clean, and the place is big and open late. I'm from LA but come to Vegas often so anytime I need to get my nails done, I come here but ONLY with Sunny, I've tried out a few other techs but was not impressed. So, I can only vouch for one person there but I'm pretty sure if you wanted to try other people, they may be good as well. I've gotten my nails done with 3 techs in total but I was only satisfied with Sunny's work. He's very nice and the Gel Mani he does lasts a good 2 weeks and the Pedi lasts 2 weeks as well, so I'm happy. Thanks Sunny :)
Just am blown away by the customer service at this resort. Shout out to Mercedes at the check in, she could not have been nicer or more helpful. The resort is beautiful, having just been to Jamaica and Nashville, we kinda had high expectations. Red Rock blew them all away. Not only was the place beautiful, but it smelled awesome (is that a weird thing to notice?) I was standing at the Lucky Bar one night and was just looking over the gaming pits and a very tall, good looking guy in a suit came up and asked me if I needed any help. I did not, but we started talking and I find out he is the GM of the whole resort! He took 15 minutes out of what I am sure is a lot of responsibility and made sure I was having a good stay and a good time. Rick Richards gets my respect, all GM's should aspire to operate at his level!Would wholeheartedly recommend this place! Have already found dates to go back! Way to go Red Rock, well done.
Underwhelming food and experience. We were a party of three and dined there last night. Expectations were high given the name behind this spot and the usually high standards of the Venetian. The Beet salad appetizer started great - simple, refreshing and excellent flavors. However main courses were mediocre at best. Sirloin steak was dry, came with Arugula and about as much balsamic as fits on the tip of your finger. Absolutely no taste to this dish. My friend's Quail was over cooked and overall plate was just poorly combined. Our other companions Linguine was deemed very good. The biscotti plate and Americano coffee were the best part of the meal.Service was well below what we are used to from the Venetian businesses. Waiter was friendly enough but didn't hide the fact that he didn't give a shit about anything. Pinot Grigio was served after the appetizers arrived and his reaching over our plates to pick up a thing or two through out the meal made me want to slap his wrist.Overall I feel this place is poorly managed and overblown. Won't be back.
Love this place. Simple Ramen joint with a very basic menu, but always delicious and great service. Very reasonably priced and a small beautiful atmosphere. Definitely categorize it as a neighborhood gem.
For incredible Chinese seafood dishes SK is the place. A friend referred us here who has been going there for years, and it doesn't disappoint. The food is expertly prepared and the setting is very cozy and open. The noodle dishes are out of this world, and the seafood dishes are worth the venture. Good service and a fun experience
Absolutely my favorite steakhouse off the Las Vegas Strip. Food is excellent. Service impeccable always and staff are well trained and incredibly hospitable. Spacious atmosphere.  Try the Tomohawks that are off menu, you'll never go vegetarian! Also, terrace seating is the way to go when it's not summer.
Everything you would expect from a high end steakhouse at the Wynn with "his" name on it! After several visits over the years I can honestly say this is the one steakhouse in Vegas that delivers perfection every time. Food is just outstanding, wine selection excellent, service remarkable and the little extra touches make the experience special. One of my favorite places in the country.
The perfect Jewish New York deli! The counter has everything you miss from back in the neighborhood and it's all homemade. The diner is great for an on the go meal. Service is friendly and fast. Suggest the chicken liver pate and the bagels and locks.
An amazing atmosphere and set up with a good menu, located right downtown. Triple George Grill has a great vibe and service is always fantastic. Food is good, stops short of being exceptional - more big chain presentation and flavor than labor of love - but you won't be disappointed. Cocktails and deserts are the best thing here...
Wow, what a great place. Atmosphere is very cozy and stylish, modern yet comfortable. The food was amazing, you have to try the house specials. Service was excellent and friendly. Definitely will be back!
A Charlie Palmer signature spot when in Vegas. Aureole has a tasting menu that is worth the experience. Aureole's menu speaks for itself but it's the multi-million dollar wine cellar that is the prize of Aureole. Located conveniently in the Mandalay Bay
Lovely food and great service. The flavors and quality of this place reflect the family owned values. We loved the food so much we had them cater an event for us. Will definitely be back regularly for the kebabs and mezzes!
The food in this little behind the scenes cafe is off the charts. The kebabs are the best in Vegas, and the rice dishes are home-made. This is not where you go for atmosphere or romantic settings, this is where you go to eat! Try the fesanjoon, it's ridiculous
Excellent atmosphere and service. Food is mediocre. You want to love this place because of its old school Italian setting, but the food is really underwhelming. If you are not picky about your pasta then this is a place to try.
My favorite sushi place on the West side of town. It's laid back, excellent service, and a great menu. Every meal we have had there has been superb. The rolls are as you would expect - works of art that fill you up. Great sake selection too...
A neighborhood gem that is always packed and delivers every time on simple Belgian cuisine. The mussels and fries are outstanding, the beer selection is excellent. Awesome place for a weekend meal or a week night get together.
Best breakfast and brunch spot in the city of Pittsburgh. Been around for a long time, Pamela's is Pittsburgh's signature diner experience. Their corn beef hash is uniquely great, and their pancakes phenomenal. Tip: sit at the counter for the best experience.
Live Lola's Louisiana Kitchen. Great place for a lunch date with amazing Louisiana dishes on the menu. The baked oysters are magnificent, and the gumbo truly done right. Love the atmosphere of the place too.
Kaya is a great experience in the Strip District of Pittsburgh. The atmosphere and service is always on point and the service is excellent. The menu is interesting, and very unique. Try the bean dip, it's magnificent. The cocktails are excellent too, more so in the summer than winter.
Just an awesome concept with really great pizza. You get in line, choose your dough and everything you want on it. Very good value for money and high quality. Love this place.
Awesome location and atmosphere at Urban Turban. Service was most excellent and the ambiance at the restaurant perfect for a night out. The best for last - the food is iconic. Really well put together menu selection and the chef in the bam delivers quality fresh Indian food as opposed to the oily dishes most places serve. Highly recommend Urban Turban for their traditional yet modern Indian cuisine.
Definitely a different type of burger joint! Fusion between Japanese cuisine and burgers makes for a very interesting combination and then even more interesting selection on the menu. If you're looking for traditional burger I'd go somewhere else, this place has gourmet burgers you would've never dreamt of. We had a great meal, two very unique burger selections left your mouth drooling. The best thing about the food is combining it with a nice cold Japanese beer. The atmosphere is pretty cool too.
The overall experience at the Golden Steer Steakhouse is five star. This place takes you back in time to when Frank, Dean and the boys used to come in and order a few cocktails before their meal. If you haven't been here you are missing a part of Vegas history. The decor is fantastic - old leather booths, table cloth service, an absolutely great bar. Complete steakhouse menu with a few gems - ribeye is the way to go. Only wish we could still light up a cigar at the end of the meal!
Probably the best Italian restaurant in a city full of great traditional Italian food. The first thing that's unique at Alla Famiglia is the house on the hill it's located. The charming location and open kitchen make it the perfect date night spot. Then there is the food - portions are large but you are getting old family recipes. Must have: meatball appetizer and pork chop Milanese. Come hungry and go home stuffed with left overs
This is a favorite place to go for the atmosphere and the views. Food is good but 3 star compared to other options in this great town. On the plus side it's very affordable. The experience of dining at Binion's Steakhouse is worth going. Just don't expect 5 star steaks...
Classic diner experience with friendly staff. Wide menu choices, breakfast is always best in my opinion. But their home baked pies are the real secret.
Still a favorite amongst Vegas locals, Del Frisco's is always a great place to dine. Great bar to start the evening off with a cocktail. The seafood platter is just beautiful. Steaks and sides are excellent. Service level has really dropped over the years - most of the waiters and bus boys are not trained properly so don't expect 5 star service. The patio is a favorite place to end the night with a cigar.
Coffee is great, service is hit and miss. Standing in line because the cashier is chatting about the weekend with the lady in front of me for 7 minutes was a bit much. The coffee and snacks are excellent, they need to up there service game.
The food is exquisite. The wine list is excellent. Service is great and they love locals if you tell them your not from out of town. Fantastic experience every time we go.
Vegas doesn't have the coffee shop culture other cities seem to be embracing but Sambalatte is the exception in town. Full on coffee house with lots of goodies in the quintessential coffee house setting. Definitely a place to see and be seen when in the Boca Park area...
If you want the closest thing to authentic French pastries and light fare, it doesn't get better than Bonjour Bakery. The Chef/Owner is one of the best French chefs in Vegas. He is sticking to his guns on authenticity of his menu as opposed to adapting for American preferences. Try the baguette sandwiches, they are to die for.
First time in this gem of a local diner. Had a wonderful experience, service was excellent and staff very friendly and appreciative. Food was exactly what you'd expect from an old school diner. The corn beef hash is as good as what you'd find in the South. Their home made preserves are phenomenal. We ordered one pancake to see what they can do on the griddle - their batter needs a little work compared to other local pancake houses. Everything else was nothing short of perfect. Will make this our regular breakfast place.
I had heard about Hedary's for years from friends who recommended it for great Lebanese food. We finally went for a meal 4 months ago and have been back 7 times since. This is the quintessential family run restaurant that happens to make the best Lebanese food in Vegas.The menu is excellent and we have been exploring every time we go back. The fish is absolutely fantastic as is all the various meat we have had. The appetizers are everything you want from a fresh Mediterranean restaurant - hummus with jalapeo is great. End the night with a Lebanese coffee - it's off the charts!
This is a gem of a neighborhood restaurant. Everything is made from scratch, and the quality is just phenomenal. Family run, excellent service, definitely worth going there. Love the atmosphere too.
A must visit when in Vegas. Not just because of the views or the rotating restaurant that gives you the panoramic views of the valley, but the food is actually magnificent. The Chef and his team have done a remarkable job delivering quality and flavor for great value. You won't be disappointed.
Simple, good and conveniently located. Food here is always good. Recommend giving it a try when looking for great Asian comfort food. Prefer take out than eat in given the feel of the place is more coffee shop than restaurant.
One of Vegas' old off Strip eateries that happens to specialize in French cuisine. The food was fantastic and the old setting the restaurant is in has its charms. The only disappointment was the lack of a good wine menu which is not very French...
Hands down the best pizza in Las Vegas. This place is a classic dive bar and pizza joint. Food is fantastic, the pizza is off the charts. You can eat on site or take out. And you can smoke at the bar while you eat which is a rarity these days.As far as the pizza goes...try the Guinea, it's phenomenal!
American and pub fare is really good at Shakespeares. Staff are friendly and helpful and the kitchen staff are super great. Beer selection is good and they have great atmosphere. Good place for a cool night out.
One of our favorite digs downtown Pittsburgh. The bar is awesome for Pre-dinner drinks or late night cocktails. The kitchen is magnificent, with a great menu and expertly prepared dishes that remind you of big city restaurants. When in Pittsburgh this is one of the best spots to dine.
Always top notch and fun. The food is outstanding and the staff friendly. The main reason to come here is to eat! The meats are excellent and keep coming. Salad bar is good, but the meat is the draw. Definitely a fun night out for a group of carnivores. The flan for desert is worth keeping some room for.
Very few Lebanese choices in Las Vegas, Amena bakery and deli is the place to go! The homemade food is phenomenal. The kibbe is as good as I've had anywhere, and food is always fresh and well prepared. Service can be a little slow, but I put that down to the effort and care that goes into preparing each dish.
The feel of the place is what's unique at Le Thai. They've taken an unusual space right downtown and made it their own. You can imagine yourself in the back alleys of Bangkok when sitting at one of their benches eating the freshly made pad Thai. Le Thai is THE downtown eatery if you want an Asian experience...The food stands up for itself. We usually order several dishes to share and have plenty left over. They have some great cocktails too for a little preDinner drink. All in all this place is fantastic.
Tucked away in a strip mall where you least expect an authentic French bakery to be, its nice to see a true Parisian experience here in Vegas. The baked bread is the best you'll find in town. The croissants and pastries are exactly the right look and taste. And their quiche Florentine is the bomb. We'll be back regularly. Nice atmosphere, very laid back. And the coffee is actually good.Tips: - The Pistacchio bread is ridiculous!!!- Pate sandwich is excellent, ask them to butter the bread for perfection
Chada offers a very unique Thai experience. This is not your typical fast Thai experience. Chada is a date night location with amazing service, presentation and Thai flavors on its menu. The small setting makes it very popular with local Vegas foodies so book a table or expect a wait.
A very unique coffee shop meets breakfast place experience right in the downtown area. Hands down the best coffee you will find in Las Vegas. The baristas are serious about their coffees and the menu has a variety of selections that looks nothing like your typical latte/cappuccino/americano menu. Their ice coffee concoctions are also incredible for the hot summers...The food is also amazing. A fusion of Hawaiian dishes, you'll find a variety of hot selections as well as excellent bakery choices - the blueberry scones are ridiculous. One tip: anything with egg will come with traditional Hawaiian undercooked eggs so if you don't like that tell them upfront your eggs need to be cooked all the way through. Final comment on Public Us...the hipster space and atmosphere is refreshingly welcome here in the desert. You'll enjoy this place as we did! 5-Star!
Great place to grab a margarita and Mexican food with a view on poolside at the Hard Rock hotel. Food is great, drinks are better.
A gem of a local restaurant! You are always well received at Ferraro's! Menu is off the charts and the cocktails are excellent. Love the patio where you can light up a cigar after a great meal!
The food at Hummus is off the charts! This kosher hole in the wall makes the best falafel, hummus and kosher burgers in town. Everything is prepared fresh and with care. Worth the premium price you pay.
Food is good old Italian grub. Ordered a variety of stuff from their menu and they were all great. The messy hot subs are just outstanding - the sausage and peppers and the Philly cheese steak are winners. The pasta is also excellent - spaghetti and meatballs and baked ziti are . Also love the garlic knots. Next time we'll try the pizza!
Another fantastic family run Thai restaurant discretely located at Pecos and Windmill. We've done takeout here several times and the food is just outstanding. The pineapple fried rice is excellent, and the pad see eew off the charts. Always friendly service and eager to serve you. The restaurant is small and cozy, making it a perfect location for conversation and date night. Two thumbs up
One of the best Thai restaurants in all the Las Vegas Valley. The quality and freshness of their food, as well as the unique tastes they bring out of traditional dishes like Panang chicken or Pad Thai is as good as I've seen anywhere around the world. Friendly staff, good service when dining in, great take out service as well. Highly recommend trying this gem of a spot.
One of the best sushi restaurants in all of Vegas. The menu is a never ending choice of creativity and flavor. Sake selection is one of the best off strip. A bit pricey but worth treating yourself. Note they don't have AYCE.
One of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. Located in an old micro brewery on the edge of downtown and the Strip District, Eleven serves up one of the best menus in the city. The Chef deserves a Michelin Star for the flavors and presentation of the various dishes. The bar is excellent and the service fine.
For years the food at India Oven has been consistently excellent. In a city of restaurants I find there is a lack of good Indian options, but India Oven never disappoints. The Vindaloo is solid if you like spicy hot. Their biryani is a favorite. Also love the naan. If the quality of food is important to you, this is a great option.
A favorite breakfast spot on the West side of town. Food is really good and selection caters to healthy and happy. Always have tables available and staff are friendly. Place is big and spacey. Wish they would up their coffee game as that's the only thing not up to par!
If they had a location easier to access than on the Strip, I'd be there 4 times a week. Pizza by the slice like you haven't seen. Try the Sicilian, it's just perfect.
A unique atmosphere stemming from a unique location overlooking Mccarran's runway where the right table gives you a view of planes landing and taking off. Excellent setting for a date night, entertaining guests or business groups. And the food is nothing short of phenomenal. The Oslo Bucco is ridiculous and the seafood always good. The wine selection is also excellent. This is a gem of a restaurant conveniently located near the strip.
The Persian food at Habib's is always on point. Great menu, flexible to make things not on the menu if you give them a day or two heads up. Kabobs are always great. Needs improvement on service as they are unusually understaffed and slow. But the wait is worth the food.
The food is absolutely first rate at Chengdu Taste. Authentic Chinese dishes that you won't recognize off their menu. We decided to order a dozen different dishes to try between 8 of us. One dish after another is an amazing flavor bomb. Service was excellent and the staff enjoys helping us pick out dishes and taste them. This is so authentic a spot we were the only non-Asians in there both times. 5 star all around.
Food is excellent, service is great, but the place lacks the vibe you expect from a Tommy Bahama restaurant. We've been there three times in the last year and it always seems to be the same chain restaurant experience. Again, food is great, service friendly, just lacks ambiance. The fact they won't let you smoke a cigar on the outdoor patio also irritates...
Food is very good, service and atmosphere really poor. Best to get take out. The rice and beef kabob was really off the charts.
So glad Grouchy John's opened this side of town. Hands down the best coffee guys in Vegas. They make the best of everything and it's always a chill atmosphere in there. Great place to hole up and get work done, or read a good book. Staff are awesome and you have an endless menu of goodies to select from. Welcome to the neighborhood guys!
The thin crust pizza here is outstanding and so is the pasta. A great spot for a conversational dinner or pizza to go. Love the eggplant pizza
This is the best Italian food in Vegas, period. True to it's "Deli" name, you get the feeling you are in an old New York neighborhood when walking into this unassuming shop on West Sahara Ave. The deli counter will have you perusing for 10 minutes and the friendly staff are welcoming. The little wine shop inside the deli has some amazing gems, so spend another 10 minutes browsing there. Once you sit down at a table to look at the menu you are fully ready for the fresh bread, olive oil and balsamic vinegar they bring you promptly.The menu is full of hidden marvels. Everything is great and if you are in a group I suggest going family style - everyone order something and share as portions are generous and you'll want to try everything. My personal favorites are the homemade pizza as appetizer and the sausage ragu fettuccine. The linguine and clams is another excellent choice. Is you are on the go then just gran the Chicken Parme sandwich.
There is no great barbecue in Vegas, but Lucille's  is pretty damn good! The menu is extensive, we've been going there for years and the food is off the charts. Whatever you're in the mood for, ribs chicken pork sausage or good old Southern fried dishes, Lucille's has you covered. The atmosphere of the place is also awesome, with Staff really friendly and making sure everything is right. Always a great experience in the 12 years we've been going there.
A favorite lunch place when hitting the Forum Shoppes at Caesar's. It's everything you'd expect from Wolfgang Puck and his Spago chain. Service is fantastic and friendly, seating very comfortable. Their terrace is the prime spot to sit. Fettuccini, pizza and bruschetta are the choices to go with on the menu. Consistently been good over the past 10 years since we started going here.
So much to love about Penn Ave Fish Company in the strip District of Pittsburgh. The owner has taken a space and turned it into his passion for fish and seafood. Food is not only fresh, but expertly prepared and dish after dish you wonder why this little hole in the wall cannery doesn't appear on major foodie lists across the country. The barbecue eel over rice is phenomenal, the sushi is fresh and expertly prepared. You can't go wrong with any of the choices on the menu, or the fresh selection of fish that you can just pick out and have them make. Can't wait to get back there on my next visit to Pittsburgh.
Hands down the best Persian food in Vegas. Family run atmosphere and friendly service. Quality of food is excellent and they really take care of you on portions. Eat in or take out, both options are excellent. Really glad I discovered this place.
This place is 5 Star all around except for the service. Worst service on the Strip, Asian waitress was just absent and there were maybe 10 people in the lounge. Bar staff hangout behind the bar as if it's social hour. The humidor staff were great but obviously a separate team. Loved the place and what they have done with it, but will rarely go back given the shitty experience.
Who knew the best Mexican food in town is in the same building as Sapphires?? I had a large group of New York bankers in town for a few nights so we went for a late meal at El Dorado Cantina before heading next door. The first thing that strikes you is the excellent service. The prepared at your table guacamole is the best you'll have in Vegas. The food is quality, fresh and full of flavor. The prices are anything but typical Mexican food prices, but it's worth every penny.
Consistently one of the best sushi places in the Valley. Joon and his team provide high quality and creativity for a fair price and in a great setting. I eat there at least twice a week. Conveniently open till 3am every night. Their $28 all you can eat is the deal of the decade. Highly recommend giving it a try.
Food is the best west of the Mississippi. Expect long waits and crowded environment but it's worth it
Overrated, poor service, overpriced and a zoo atmosphere. That was our experience when we brought out of town friends to Sushisamba for a dinner for four. Food was very good as you'd expect, but the experience makes this place a "keep off" location. I took the waiter aside to plead with him as a local to treat my out of town guests with more care and attention - he didn't bring one of the four drinks we ordered, forgot 2 of the appetizers we ordered, and didn't bring the bottled water we ordered twice...high expectations quickly became a disappointing experience. Will never return to what is nothing more than a tourist trap...
Really loved the vibe at Mary's Hash House. The food is classic home-cooked diner from the Midwest or East Coast, and you will love it. But the location needs work to make it feel less "pop-up" store. Service was friendly and good, definitely worth giving it a try.
If you're looking for all things French you won't be disappointed at La Belle Terre. Authenticity is the main thing coming out of their kitchen. From the pastries to the sandwiches, the Chef brings that little piece of Paris you want. Where they could improve is the quality of their coffee and the long/slow lines at the counter. The coffee is too big chain for a place that's supposed to be Paris Cafe. As for the slow line, it's the main reason we don't come back weekly...All in all we love this place, just needs a little fine tuning
Always greeted and treated well at Paymons on Sahara. Other than the food being excellent, what I love about this place is the wide variety of Mediterranean cuisine on the menu. There is something for everyone. If you want a Greek salad and your date prefers pasta, no problem. If you're looking for a kebab, but your date wants a good curry, they got you. Just a great place to go out for a meal when you're not sure what you want.
One of my favorite off Strip restaurants in Vegas. Been going here since they opened. Everything about Vintner Grill is tasteful. The ambiance is just excellent especially given this place is located in an office building. The menu is something of a cross between great American cuisine and European fare. Suggest starting the table out with a cheese and cold cuts plate. Their selection is excellent given Vegas struggles to supply great cheeses IMHO. As for the rest of the menu expect nothing short of haute cuisine quality, flavors and experience.
If you don't know about this place then STOP what you are doing right now and go get one of their sandwiches.  It's cheap and good.  That's it!  Enjoy!
Finally found a great tasting fish taco.  This restaurant is not as casual as a cafe.  The fish tacos were sooo good.   All the customers seemed like regulars and ordered all types on entrees.  The desserts looked amazing as well.  Will def go back!
This is a very clean joint with good service.  The portions aren't huge but the owners care about how their food is prepared and presented.  I totally recommend this place.
Chicken Wings.  Lots of flavors to choose from and size options.  You won't be disappointed.
Came over after taking a walk around the lake.  If you're craving cookies and ice cream then this is your joint.  Not a huge selection of cookies or ice cream and the joint is small.
The best dimsum for AZ standards.  Lots of hot dishes and the carts come around often so you don't wait too long for your cravings to be met.  The staff are friendly and eager to get you full.
Unfortunately we didn't have a great dining experience.  The service was slow but the portions were large.  I ordered the udon and it lacked everything.  The salmon teriyaki and pork cutlet were better.  They charge you for hot tea that tastes like hot water.
Just got a French manicure.  The owner is very sweet and the prices are great but they only take cash.  Not the best but pretty good.
This place is sooo tasty.  The owner cares about his food and you'll know it once you eat there.  The salad was great and the rice bowls are a hit.  The grilled chicken was super moist.  Def make a trip over.
Crowded space but you can def get something healthy to go.  Tried their signature hummus wrap and California breakfast sandwich.  Very tasty. The portions aren't huge but healthy.   Glad to have healthier joints in the East Valley.
I have been with OneGuard for 1.5 years and have been satisfied by the service.  I recently had a confusion with the plumber that came to repair our shower to replace the cartridge.  I took the issue forward to OneGuard and had Enoch help me with my incident.  He took my case and was helpful.  I was very satisfied with the outcome and would definitely recommend OneGuard to you all.
Great place to get your pho fix.  The prices are decent and they also sell the Vietnamese pancake.  If you're craving Chinese wonton soup try the me noodles.
Probably the best boba I have ever had.  Soooo tasty.  Will definitely be back.  Had their grapefruit boba.
Came over to eat a pita bowl.  I had the chicken and gyro with jalapeo cilantro hummus which was very tasty and spicy.  The bowl was quite filling.  Come here if you like to choose your own mixes to your own personalized pita bowl.
Come thirsty y'all.  Tons of draft beer to choose from and if beer ain't your thing they have a handful of wine on tap as well.  But flights of beer is their signature order.   Unfortunately the 10" pizza we had was bland but you're coming here for beer which will not disappoint.
Fixed garage.  Yay!  I called A1 at ten.  The senior tech Danny came at 10:50am. Fixed our crooked / crashed door for $230 by 11:30am. We switched our rollers and bought ten for $120 as well.  Total bill was $373.  I'm not sure if the prices are competitive BUT the service was great and Danny knew what he was doing with a smile.
Great coffee joint but the Americano was a bit too acidic.  Lots of people were ordering some baked goods as well. Will have to try that next time.Just ordered the ice coffee, much better than the americano, less acidic.
The 3 mile hike along the scenic trail to the ridge is a great walk.  Def go out with a hat, water and sunscreen since you'll have no coverage.  The walk along the ridge is the best part as you'll have a great 360 degree view.  You do have to share the path with bikers.
I enjoyed this quaint little joint and the breakfast was perfect to start the day, not too heavy nor light.  They make their dishes unique but don't venture too far off.  The place was a tight squeeze but all the customers seemed to enjoy their breakfast as well.
Great hike for being in Phoenix. Went out on Christmas Day and the place was packed.  The hike is steep so have good shoes as it is super rocky.  You get a great view and workout, bring water and a hat.
Awesome snowflake dessert.  This is a very cute cafe with cool technology dessert.  If you haven't tried the snowflakes you def have to come and check it out!  The owner is passionate about his creations so def seek his recommendations.
Def a fun place to eat overlooking chase field.  Had the all you can eat appies for $10 and came out way too full.
The portions were huge at a great price.  You have all types of sauces to chose from but the taco entrees were flavorful enough that you didn't need to sauce it up.  A great casual joint to fill yourself up.
Came here to grab some dogs before the baseball game.  I don't know if it was worth the hype but def a place you need to check out.  Ordered the three most famous dogs.  Moki with bacon, lady and igby.  Get the spicy sausage, that's the tastiest.
Spending the day in Cave Creek.  Come hungry for some bbq.  They have good portions and you'll leave satisfied. Lots of customers of all sorts. Love the Coca-Cola freestyle as well.
Just got a gel French manicure and unfortunately the look is not sharp.  I don't know if is recommend this joint
I think the best Asian supermarket around.  Generally great produce and make sure you get some fresh fish and have them fry it for you for no extra cost.  It's such an easy meal!
A bit overpriced for their simple salads but the salads were tasty and fresh.  I had the Chinese chicken salad.  I saw somebody eating the Mac and cheese which looked quite tasty and will be on my list for next time.
Make your own pizza for $8.  Simple and easy.  My favorite is the meaty Italian with artichoke, roasted tomatoes, red onions and olives.
Great pizza joint.  We had the bbq chicken and supreme and I loved the bbq chicken.  It's a casual joint and the pizza is super tasty.  The hot wings were alright, a bit too hot.  I don't know what made this pizza tasty but the owners did a great job.
If you have a sweet tooth then come over and customize your dessert by choosing your cookies and ice cream.  There's no place to sit except for on a bench outside.
Just came over for HH on the patio.  First off the service was awesome.  My favorite of the four appetizers I ordered was the homemade burrata.  The prime burger is very filling and a popular choice for the night, at least one person from every table ordered one.  The calamari was soft and sweet but I think crispier may have been better.  The carpaccio was good but not as savory just creamier.   Regardless the red blend was a great pairing for the above appetizers.
Come to get your Ukrainian fix of sausages, perogies and cabbage rolls.  There are lots of Ukrainian goodies and so you won't be disappointed. The staff are friendly and helpful.
Headed over here for a light dessert after dinner.  The flavored yogurts were much better than the original plain yogurt, which is actually my favorite, unfortunately it was too watered down. This is a hip spot on Mill Ave.
I was pleasantly surprised with this cafe.  The shaved icy treat was delish and the fruit smoothie was alright. Nice break from the hot sun in AZ.
Great place for college students.  The young Asian server is very friendly as well as the serving staff.  The pho was salty but the portion was great. The bun was good.  The restaurant has poor signage and so spotting the restaurant was not easy.
Probably one of the fewest Japanese restaurants that are decent in AZ.  Nothing phenomenal but it is as good as it gets out here. The prices are good but the restaurant is tight and crowded when it's busy.  It's not a relaxing atmosphere for dinner. A great spot to eat out with friends.
Totally loved their small beef burrito. The enchilada and tacos are also good.  I couldn't even waste a single one of their homemade chips.  Come on ova to this busy joint, you won't be disappointed.
I really enjoyed the lunch.  The turkey sandwich was fresh and tasty.  The salads were good but the kale soup was super salty.  The portions are great but I found it a bit too pricey for what we got.  It's a great place to enjoy eating outside and take a simple stroll afterwards.
Had their $22 all you can eat bbq.  The meat was good and I'll def be back.  The seating was a bit tight and packed for my liking.  But there were tons of people and the service was good.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.   The first top five meat offerings were all great.
Headed to this place for drinks and appies.  The restaurant is hip, spacious and trendy.  This is a great spot for tourists.  The staff were all friendly and apparently all the food is made in-house.  We ordered the calamari and I felt the portion was small and the dish quite salty.
This is a great place to get your Mediterranean cravings satisfied.  They have great portions and good food.  This place is extremely busy at lunch.  The owners are super friendly.  Come hungry!
For AZ this is as good as Korean food gets!!  Go if you need your Korean fix and have some Japanese rolls or food if you are craving both.
This is a great place to grab beer and a delicious burger.  There are tons of burger selections and you can expect it to be busy.  Def come with friends and hungry cause you'll leave satisfied.
The pumpkin pie is awesome!!!! The scone was good.  The atmosphere is cool and I totally recommend this place for anytime of meet-up!
Great urban church with loads of young peeps.  4 service times and great staff.  You can feel lost cause there is so much going on but just get plugged in to get a sense of community.
Street tacos.  Came over for lunch and ordered the trio taco combo which were good.  The sides were poorly prepared so I'd almost pass even though they are a $1 extra, nobody finished the sides.  There's tons of seating for everyone.  But fun atmosphere for your meal.
Funny set-up but great food.  People were eating all different types of menu items.  I ate the meat lasagna which was very tasty.  This place had a lot of customers getting take-out.  Looking forward to trying their pizza next time.
This place is good!  The food is well prepared so expect to wait for your meal than have it whipped out in seconds.  The portions are huge so come with an empty tummy.   Everything was fresh and tasty.  This place is packed for a good reason!
Just came by the Desoto Market and ate at this eatery. Tried their funky spin on food and enjoyed all the dishes especially the cauliflower.  Make sure you grab some beer to eat with the decadent foods.  Def a fun spot to eat at, bring friends or go alone, it's a casual and comfortable place to hang.
Came here because this restaurant got the most reviews in Tempe.  The baked pastries were good.  The Cajun chicken and pasta salad were too salty.  The pilgrim baked pastry was better (basically baked turkey dinner). The mushroom and leek soup were tasty.  The atmosphere is loud and dark, and great for beer and a one pound pastry filler.
This a great place to wander and check out all the art, unique shops and eateries.   The first Friday of every month is an art walk after 6pm.  Def a different vibe and worth checking out.
This place is for health nuts in Scottsdale.  A lot of people head over after a workout for a protein bowl, shake, smoothie... You get it.  The food was not awesome but the spot is great for people watching, talking while enjoying a yummy drink or dessert than a meal IMO.
Fun location and good BBQ choices to satisfy your cravings.  Ask for samples if you aren't sure.  The moist brisket was my favorite.   Def great for small or large groups.
This place was busy, so be prepared to wait in line.  This place has tons of energy and food.  I found the sauce quite salty and would recommend you have the seafood boiled with dipping sauces on the side.  But everything was ordered and plenty were merry with all the different dishes/sauces.
Just ordered some gelato.  I sampled a few flavors that were popular but I didn't find them tasty.  But decided on strawberry and that was tasty.  The salted caramel was slightly bland.  This is a casual location to hang out at.
This is a great BBQ joint.  The portions and prices are great so come h-u-n-g-r-y!  There's lots of seating.  I wasn't too impressed with the sides and we tried 4 different kinds.  The ribs were the best and then the pulled pork sandwich.
A very popular joint loaded with people.  Come and try some of their popular brunch entrees.   This is a great place for tourists with tons of energy.  I liked that the dishes were not too huge or too salty.
Finally a good Thai joint.  The place is super casual but the dishes are tasty.  Try their signature spicy red curry catfish entree.  Everything else is quite good so come and get your Thai food here.  They have decent portions and prices but I noticed they don't offer much pork options.
Pricey but tasty. The thick milkshakes are tasty and sweet.  The place is packed so be ready for lines.  I'd pass on the cheesy fries for $4 and the regular fries that are $3 for one small size only was not worth except that a burger without fries would not be right.
My friend took me here for my last night in Toronto.  It was great and the food was fresh and exactly what I expected.  Nothing too over-the-top or spectacular but I was satisfied.
Went to walk the Gateway Loop.  A very fun walk to see the sights of the desert in the SW.  this was great as there were tons of options to hike longer or shorter.
Headed over to this hyped joint for dinner.  Saw lots of different people here.  We ordered the three top popular sliders, the meatball, brisket and chicken sausage.  I enjoyed the meatball the most and the others enjoyed the brisket since it was sweeter.  We all didn't think much of the chicken sausage.  We ordered the baked mini Mac and cheese muffins.  They were interesting but I think a stronger cheese would have been better.  We had floats and shakes which were decent.  We then ended the night with the seasonal pumpkin cheesecake.  We all enjoyed that after playing some ping pong, foosball and the bean bag toss, yes they have loads of options for people out there including shopping, dancing, hoola hoops and more.
The staff is very friendly but the food was a bit too salty.  I enjoyed the ceviche the most.  The beef lomo saltaldo was quite salty with too much soy sauce.  The beef was a bit tough.  For the prices I felt the portions could have been more generous.
This is great spot to get a flame broiler burger and your own fixings.  The prices are great.  Come if you're craving a burger and you're in the area.  Def not necessary to make a trek over.  Parking is sparse and the place will likely be packed with college students.
This place was busy and can look daunting to walk into but the staff make their own tortillas.  I was a bit disappointed as locals told me how great this place was, my expectations were set high.  Regardless there were tons of people eating and enjoying their meals.
Unfortunately I had two dishonest situations.  The first time the staff recommended I get a new set of tires after I came in for an oil change but I decided to wait.  The second time I came back for my oil change and another set of staff had no comments about my tires but recommended rear brakes for my car that had less than 70,000 miles.  Two technicians approached me about my brakes noting that it was dangerous to drive out for paper thin brakes.   I then headed to my mechanic who noted that I have over 80% of my rear brakes left.  Too bad I can't go back anymore.
This is a great local hike but it's busy since its local. This is a moderate hike with lots of ups and downs for this 3.6 mile hike back and forth.
Finally, The Halal Guys are here in AZ.  This place has just opened across from ASU.  It's def tasty and the staff are super friendly.   Def come and check this out.  The hot sauce is super spicy but addicting.
This is a great wine bar.   They just opened up this location in Tempe.  There's lots of seating and this is a great place to drink and eat in small or large groups.  The food is fun to share with a group of friends.   I def recommend this trendy joint.
Quick and fast Chinese food.  The food court is nothing glorious but you come to get your Chinese food craving satisfied when your short on time.
Great place to grab a bite with family or friends, small or large groups all work.  The salads are fresh and you won't leave full but just right.  Everything is well prepared and fresh.
This place was quite busy and the pitas were decent. Ordered some salad and my favorite was the cilantro and jalapeo dip, not spicy at all.  Good spot to get your pita fix.
Cute set-up with plenty of seating and dessert sizes and options.  Come and checkout this new icy treat technology.  It's cool and delicious.
Sat on the patio for drinks and ate $7 appies.  The service was great and the food was decent.  The signature entrees looked tasty and were what most of the people were ordering.
Went here with friends for lunch.   The cracklings rice soup is fun and yum to eat.  The other dishes are classic so come over for whatever Chinese food cravings you have.
You come here for the family meals and will be full after you leave.  We had the mussels in the white wine sauce, spaghetti and meatballs and the pesto stuffed chicken.  We ate it all and enjoyed it.  No big surprise with the dishes.
The prices and portions are great.  The food is as good as it gets in metropolitan Phoenix.  The staff are very friendly but it's def a dive.
This is a popular joint and I definitely recommend their fried chicken and donuts.  I would order with sauce on the side.   This place gets busy and can sell out by early afternoon.  I didn't think the ramen was too tasty.  Come and check out this funky combo that works.
Just came over after a day's hike to fill my stomach.  Ordered the combination of 3 kebabs - chicken, ground beef and lamb.  The lamb was the best!   The tabouli and hummus were tasty.  Come hungry as the portions are for champions.
Really fun and neat location to grab some food, drinks or dessert.  Everything looked great and people were eating all types of items off their menus.  Can't wait to come back.
Absolutely a fun hike.  Wear good shoes, go early cause there's tons of people, too many which is why I gave it 4 stars.  But it's a great work out.  This will be tough if you never work out.   Be safe, take lots of water and enjoy the views!
Had dinner at this restaurant.  The food was good and Friday night was packed.  The staff are friendly.  The restaurant was loud but it is a good spot for a night out with friends.  I really enjoyed the tacos but  would have liked a third rather than 2 for dinner.
Came out for lunch and looks as though the fried fish were their signature dishes or the typical bar food.  They have Guinness on tap, enough said!  They have a huge patio at the back and full bar.
Just came here for a drink and an appy at the bar in front of the big screen.  Had the dark brown beer which was tasty at this microbrewery.  My waiter Gabriel realized my French needed help and offered to speak English, he was kind and attentive to all the clients.  The bar was busy.  The food was decent and the key is the beer, big surprise, non?
Was craving some beef and so headed over to this joint. The restaurant was packed and they don't take reservations so waited about 40 minutes for a table of 2 at 6pm.  The prices are very reasonable and the portions are huge.  Come hungry as most people were leaving with doggy bags.
You come here to socialize and drink some great local beer.  Tons of good energy to meet fun people.  Come in groups of two or twenty, they will be ready for you.  I wasn't impressed with the food, but anything with beer can make it all tasty.  Great place to chill and be with other peeps.
This is a great place to hang out with a group, lots of space.  I had fish tacos but they were nothing special.  Happy hour or drinks while watching your game of choice is likely a better option.
This place is great for your ramen fix.  Nothing spectacular but the taste is right.  I recommend the fatty pork ramen, aka tonkatsu ramen.  The miso and Sapporo ramen were a bit saltier.
I personally, think there is far too much icing.  However, everyone else I know LOOOOVES that fact.  Great prices, creative flavors, and a nice, wide variety.  LOVE Main Street.
My husband and I had a horrible experience here.  Over priced.  Burned.  And worst of all....a sandwich straight out of my elementary schools cafeteria.  And the dinky sizes of sliced meat, I'm pretty sure, from the middle school.  Not a fan of the 'just add water' mashed potatoes, either.
Pretty good and authentic Irish food and pretty well priced
Our room was outdated at least 20 years. All the carpets throughout the halls were terribly stained. Our tv did not work, nor did our phone. Could not call for room service. Had to call out to some nasty Italian food place. Couldn't even sign in to their promised wifi. No one seemed to care!!! Oh yea, plus a resort fee of $15.00 per day! And tax on top of that!!!???!!!  This place is far from a resort. The pool needs to be dug up and resized to accommodate the amount of people and hotel size ratio! I had really looked forward to this little get away, kick back and get a tan. So much for that, very non-appealing....no space! This place is a dive!!!
Sat in bar area waiting for a "10" minute wait to be seated. After more than 20 minutes decided to just eat at bar. Ordered a drink & bruschetta. Server brought bruschetta with large slices of barely toasted bread. In Cali it comes with the small toasted ciabatta bread. Asked server to change bread. A server supervisor in all blue came to assure they would bring the new bread, nice lady!  When the bread came it was pure white, barely toasted. I sent it back. Our server came to table & said had to send it back AGAIN, it was STILL not done right!  Finally, it came. So I decide to have another drink (grey goose & peach schnapps).  Well, they ran out of peach schnapps & the bar tender tried to trick me with peach brandy.......come on now!!!  I sent it back!  So here comes the restaurant manager to tell me they ran out, what would I like on the house & remove charge from other drink.  She sent bar tender to me to ask what i would like. Nice guy!  Now that's the way to make amends with the customer!  Thank you manager @ supervisor in blue. Sorry, didn't get ur names. Server we had, no thank you.
Great value and casual diner experience. Love their pizzas! Be ok with young people or go somewhere else!!
Dry rubbed ribs were good. Sirloin steak a beautiful little cut of meat. Chips and salsa tasty and generously sized. Wait staff very friendly. Not quite 5 stars, but good value except that the beer was flat.
Go for Moosetracks and Gold Medal Ribbon.
I can't believe the cashier actually wanted to argue with me about how ATM debit-only cards work. Customer service training, at the very least, ought to include not being argumentative with the customer.
The food is very good, and portion sizes are bigger than expected. I recommend the Tri-Color Sushi! Service was excellent!!
Recent Sunday afternoon early dinner. Even my in-laws loved it, and they can be hard to please when it comes to restaurants!Nice atmosphere without being stuffy or snooty. Service was great - friendly and respectful without all the annoying interruptions. Kept our wine glasses full! Food was fabulous, and the chef came around to thank his guests!
The food was excellent and so was the service. Brandon and Cody took great care of us, and the stuffed banana peppers and ravioli were both superb! This was our first time. We'll be back!
This place is awesome! The staff are really, really friendly and know their stuff! The spinach and goat cheese quiche is super, and the tomato chicken and orzo soup is amazing! Can't wait to get dessert when I'm done.
The white pizza is wonderful, as is the pasta lucci. Generous portions, really nice staff, family friendly atmosphere. We'll be back!
You won't find a better meal or better people outside of Italy. Cavatelli and Tiramisu is to kill for! If you want a taste of Italy, this is the place!!
The chips and salsa/guacemole starter is fantastic, esp the red sauce. I could lick it out of the bowl. Tamale app is also very good. Chef/owner came over to talk to us, totally nice and even sent a couple things from the kitchen we didn't order so we could try (we were the only ones in the place but it was like 4:00pm). VERY good agua fresca, hubby wanted the whole jar. Flan is ok but strawberries and crema (OH MY GOSHSSHSHSHS) really stole the dessert show. We will be going back soon and we'll be taking the kids, the friends, the family, anyone who will come. We want this place to do well because the red salsa needs to live on.
Really. I live 2 miles from the place so I kind of took it for granted as my go-to place for a good meal. Then I realized I was eating there at least once a week and everyone I took there to eat also died over it. So, I decided to be a good customer and pay all those good meals back with a yelp review!! I'm not a huge Greek food fan, but this place could change me forever.The Greek salad with chicken shwarma (sp?) is a not to be missed love of mine. Also, the Dolmades are far far better here than anywhere I've tried. (Just ask them if they're cold...once I got them still warm...not as good). The hummus with gyro meat is PERFECT for the kids as a good dip and the meat is already tender so there's no cutting up. Perfect for when husband and I are stuffing our faces. I try to get a Gyro without getting a look from the husband because its really good but usually I've ordered too much already. The yogurt sauce is esp good.The staff is really nice and even remember our names and not to take the menu from my 3 year old too soon.  :) We usually make a huge mess too, and we never get any weird looks from the waitress. Nice people.The baklava, however, is the CROWN jewel of this place. Just right. In every way. While pregnant, I think I spent a fortune in baklava. So, now that everyone in my close circle has heard the exact same thing, if you're looking for a reasonably priced great meal, hit cafe mix. I've eaten here probably 20 times between take-out and eating in and it's never let me down. Oh, and the one time they forgot my baklava with my take-out order, they CALLED me and let me know I had a whole tray waiting for me to pick it up next time I was out.
Ok yall. I've now had the sea bass, the scallops, the crab cakes, the pasta and nearly every appetizer. I know, you're jealous and slightly disgusted. But chill, it's over the course of months. We come here w new friends every time so we can keep going back, purposefully. Lol. It's all good. ALL OF IT. I take that back. I didn't lurve the crab salad. It wasn't bad, just not dreamy.Dreamy. Speaking of that, let's talk about the lemon pie at the end. The crust. Yes. The filling. Yes. The meringue, which I've never liked in my life. Yassssssssssss. Srsly. This place is yum. And the folks there are not jerks. In fact, each server we've had has treated us so well and been super helpful. In all, one of my faves. Thx buck and rider for making my restaurant suggestions make me look like I know what I'm talking about.
So, I'm now a regular at this place. The food keeps me walking thru the door, the DELIGHT that is the service here keeps me So happy while I'm here and the prices make it a pleasure to leave bc I don't feel too broke. The orange chicken is still the crowd favorite but some newcomer menu faves are the beef pho (gave it another try and glad I did, much better eaten at the restaurant), pepper chicken, pork chow fun, pork fried rice, chicken lettuce wrap, and garlic chicken. Also, my kids are strangely obsessed with Hong Kong beef noodle soup. Honestly, this place is an absolute gem. Diane noticed I came in with my kids tonight and spent a great deal of time and care with us, even rolling up my 5 yr olds sleeves so the soy sauce wouldn't stain. Lovely food, great prices and the most genuine service I've EVER encountered.
Another yelp treasure. How else could I have known about this great company? Brent was great, helped schedule a quick appointment. Tile and carpet needed to be cleaned for sale of my home. Great job. They did come back once for a touchup but it was painless and very much appreciated. I would recommend them in a second.
Very poor customer service. Had a good experience with equipment and then they tried to charge me for a cleaning fee. I went and took pictures to prove and they dropped it. Pretty shady.
Very unique experience! Overall fantastic. Limited choices but that suits me fine because everything was delicious and I'd rather have a few choices that are all amazing instead of 100 that are, meh. Standouts were definitely the crispy octopus and the strawberry dessert. Omgosh that dessert will live in my dreams. Wonderful spot!
My neighbor and I both were getting ready to start large backyard projects. I enlisted a couple of pool companies to design a pool and give us a bid, one of which was Cameo Pools, specifically Cal. He was pretty slick and super nice while he was here and left us with a nice stack of promotional pieces. I didn't think he was really listening to what I wanted, but I figured we could work out details when I got the design back.He got back to my neighbor only after 3 weeks from the time he indicated he would respond and never responded to me. I never got a call back, never a quote. Nothing. Needless to say, I will not be using this company. Poor customer service. I'm actually pretty relieved that we saw Cameo's true colors before starting a pool with them.
Tried several different items on this menu on three different occasions and last night was the END of my relationship with this eatery. I kid you not, my daughter actually gagged on her piece of chicken and it was clear why. Smelled really bad (and we ate IN) and so heavily sauced with this thick goo and overfried and overpriced...argh. I love food and it's actually sort of hard to really make me despise eating out but, please, save your money and your gag reflex and DO NOT EAT here. I can't believe it's still in business. WHERE IS THE GOOD CHINESE AROUND HERE? Wah.
We have used Reynolds plumbing for everything from faucet replacement, to full bathroom remodeling to investment condo rehab. In every situation, Reynolds exceeded expectations. The price is so competitive that I wouldn't even be that put out if service wasn't amazing. But it is. I get quicker response time and completed service right on time.Jared Reynolds is the owner and I'm thrilled when he provides the service but his employees maintain the same level of integrity and professionalism. I just can't say enough good things about this company. Small business sometimes means smaller expectations but not here. I highly recommend for any and all plumbing needs.
I'm sad right now. I wanted to like this place so badly. I wanted to have the positive experience others did and be able to happily write about it on yelp. Hubby and I went last weekend; got all dressed up, left the kids at home and took the date car. People watching was great, service was great, even our table location was great. The bar area was great. I loved the atmosphere. Did not mind it being dark at all because it was so cool inside. What was NOT great? Pretzel bread was a little stale but butter, lots of it, helped. The seafood tower was impressive, but the seafood adorning it was not so much. The Clear Lobster roll was outright INEDIBLE. Mushy, no flavor, disappointing.My mambo salad was passable but nothing great.  When I asked for shrimp on top, after hearing so many great reviews about the shrimp, they gladly obliged. BUT when it came, they were overcooked and rubbery. WAH for me. Husband's steak was very good. He was gloating for sure. We got two sides, the Crab Truffle Gnocchi and the peas. The gnocchi was decent but I really could only have a couple of bites due to the intense richness with nothing to offset it. The peas, while super fresh, were SWIMMING in oil. Seriously, they took great peas and drowned them to death in a sad, sad oil lake. The butter cake was superb. Nothing but fond memories of that. So, we spent a small fortune for a meal with one (for me) or two (for hubby) great points. I will not be going back. I will not be recommending. We live in Mesa, and were the first of our circle of influence to go and I am devastated to be the one steering people away due to such a lackluster first showing. I wonder what went wrong. So many other yelpers just love this place.
This place is NO freakin joke. I had one of the funnest tuna dishes ever. I can't remember the name but it wasn't Tuna Poke, because I told the waitress that I wanted that but something spicier and she recommended the dish just below it. HOLY COW. SPICY!!! And delicious. My mouth was on fire and my heart was warmed. Who knew such a dorky facade would house (no pun intended) such a gem. Please go here, immediately. I would recommend this to anyone near and dear to me. Kids got chicken katsu and enjoyed it. Service was quick and responsive. It wasn't too busy so I'm hoping and praying it was just the odd time we went and that they will THRIVE. Oh, I'm going to have a hard time not going back too often. Sushi, my love, please wait for me. And wait for me at House Modern Sushi. Oh, and mochi ice cream, strawberry, sent me over the edge of full and happy.
As a long time Mesa resident, I was excited when a friend wanted to take me to her new fave with the weird name. OMG. Please, thai this one on. The Thai toast is so good, with a sweet sauce that comes with making it one of my favorite apps ANYWHERE. Best entrees, Evil Jungle Princess, Black Pepper Shrimp, Green Curry, Pad See Ew (sp?) and the Laarb salad. Great service, including sodas that are free refills (not from the fountain!) and good prices make this one of my favorite Mesa eats. Only downside is that there's never enough rice and they make you pay for more...
I had a lot going on with my hair. Sort of a botched ombre, a multi color root situation and I didn't want a ton of extra processes to fix bc my hair is long and I reallllly want to keep it that way. I came here based on yelp reviews. Oh my oh my. I explained my problem, David took time to assess and communicate w me and he came up w a plan. I'm very very happy with the results. I have seen 4 stylist, colorists over 1 year and I will not be looking any further. David is my guy. Forever. I may stalk him if he ever decides to retire. Walking out, my hair felt healthy, the color was perfect and I felt the charge was more than reasonable. Very thankful to Yelpers for the guidance, so I felt I should add my experience to the community. One more 5 star review for this place. I'm a believer for sure.
One of my very favorites in the Valley. Standouts: coconut shrimp roll (the ponzu sauce it comes with is good enough to drink and I ask them to let me keep it bc it's seems to be good on everything...considering using it as a means to get action from my husband bc he loves it as much as me), thai steak salad (for heaven's sake, get it with the steak, NOT the chicken bc GOSH who needs another chicken salad and the steak is alarmingly good) and the key lime pie. YUM. Of course, when I first began going here, way back when, the only thing I could ever order was the Prime Rib French Dip because it's PRIME RIB french dip and it's perfect as a sandwich that costs $17 could be. If I was a menu item, I would be jealous of that sandwich. In fact, I would put that sandwich up against any MENU item in town and it would hold up. I'm in a reviewing mood, otherwise, I would just continue to take/recommend this place to anyone I loved. I'm trying to tell you, go here. Right away. I've been here many many many times and it is always a treat.
I've been twice. First time I got the Cuban and it was really amazing. Second time I got the Buffalo chicken bowl. And housemade chips. And simple soda. And banana pudding. And it was all pretty much the best thing I've ever had. I highly recommend.  Cool concept, nice folks, amazing food and pricing I can live with. Can Downtown mesa ask for 5 more places that offer the same level? Please? I'll be going back for the banana pudding. And chips. And soda. And sandwiches. Seriously it's so good.
Yum yum yum. We were late getting started w the babysitter. So where do we go for help in deciding where to eat? Yelp!This place was awesome. Tried cheese puffs, burrata bowl and greatest grilled cheese of all time, The Goat! Great service! Great food. Cool vibe.Will be back.
All around great place to get my Bronze on. SO glad it's doing well. Laura is perfect at what she does. I've had 5 tans plus treated 2 girlfriends and both were so pleased.
After a couple of disappointing no go holiday parties at restaraunts downtown, we stumbled on this place. It looked like a place I had eaten in Rome and the pizza on one diners plate looked remarkably like the pizza I eaten while in Italy. This proved to be one of the most delightful surprises. From the caprese to the pizza, there isn't one thing I would change. What will keep me coming back? LASAGNA BOLOGNESE. Hard to make. Harder to find prepared well. This was it. Yum. Can't wait to go back.
They have a variety of really good salsas so that's a very good start. I die for good Rocky Point style tacos and quesadillas. This comes very close to satisfying that craving. Esp good are the carne asada tacos. Great prices and very very good.
If I could offer negative stars for this business, I certainly would. It is astonishing to me with the poor customer service practiced by this business and lack of understanding that it is their customers who keeps them around. It appears this behavior stems from their ownership, who have no issues with belittling  and cursing at their clients throughout the loan process, including when it comes time to pay their loans in a timely fashion. By Timely, I mean you will pay on your due date or you will be threatened and ridiculed by the management and staff to the extent that they will pursue your collateral immediately eg, doesn't matter if you are on your deathbed or you just found out 6-old son has cancer and is on his deathbed - real customer examples!).I can certainly understand the need for a business to be profitable, however it is clear this business preys upon those in difficult times and has zero sympathy for difficult situations and virtually refuses to work with you to reconcile your debt. They want their money NOW.Add to that their shady business practices and strong-arm practices they use againt their clients, such as interest-only contracts. This means you can pay on a loan for a year, but all that you are paying against is the interest of the loan. Read your contract carefully. Unless you want to succumb to modern-day loan shark tactics, I highly recommend stay away from Maximum Title Loans and ignore they're friendly, thin, welcoming advertising veneer. They clearly are no friend to anyone, only concerned with extracting money from others.Also, be careful what you share with their staff, as confidentiality is something regularly not practiced here!What a shame that these businesses thrive today, using these types of business  practices. Don't patronize this business.
LOVE IT! nice people, great food!Our server Linda was a sweetie pie!GO HERE! They brang the steak in a hit stone and let us cook it ourself.It was awesome!
Came here for the first time on a Wednesday after I got off work at five and Alan was able to squeeze me in before he went home for the day at six, I did call before hand and made my appointment for six. Alan was extremely polite and nice and did a great cut! Cleaned up all the edges with a straight razor and took pride in his cut. He wasn't just trying to get me out as fast as he could as other barbers seem to do. The shop is also very nice it's got an old school feel with a very clean style. They also carry a lot of product which is awesome. I live all the way in Henderson but will travel to this shop from now on. Can't say enough awesome things about my first experience here! You should totally give this shop a shot if looking for great barbers!
What a great place to get your smoothies, paninis, and acai bowls! Smooth eats has the best prices you will find around and they use all the best quality ingredients in your product and it really shows in the flavor it's awesome! Not to mention the staff of smooth eats are the nicest and friendliest people I've encountered in any eating establishment thus far. This is certainly one of my go to spots from now on and I will be here on a regular basis from here on out! Amazing place and gets two thumbs way up
The food was delicious. My husband and I each got the beef combo. It was a lot of food and definitely worth the price. After reading other reviews, we were expecting it to be super expensive. It ended up being less than $40 for both of us and that included beer.  I can't wait to bring others here. It's a fun experience with great food.
I chose this practice because Dr. Leonard is one of the few Catholic doctors available in the Phoenix area.  He was extremely helpful in controling my PCOS and irregular periods so I was able to get pregnant.  His office staff is wonderful but I will agree that Dr. Leonard needs to work on his bedside manner and attention to detail.  He never clearly explained anything to me and I felt that I had to be responsible for asking the right questions just to know what was going on!  It always seemed like he didn't like me or just didn't care.  I was so committed to him that I drove 45 minutes to his office throughout my pregnancy.  IF YOU HAVE A CONDITION THAT MOST PHYSICIANS WOULD TREAT WITH BIRTH CONTROL AND YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A DIFFERENT SOLUTION...TRY DR. LEONARD.  However,if you are looking for a Catholic labor and delivery doctor...look elsewhere or be prepared to do all the work yourself.
You will have to enter someone's backyard and nobody will come out to greet you. I waited for 3 minutes alone in a backyard. It was very unprofessional so I left. She knew I was outside because I called as soon as I pulled up to the house. When I tried to text her that I was leaving I got an "invalid number" message. Why pay $200 for braids in someone's backyard when you can go to legit African braiders in a shop for the same price? It just didn't feel right and it's a shame too because they have such nice braids on their Yelp pics.
Nice sisters from Cameroon. They were waiting for me at their shop when I arrived and they were very welcoming. They speak English well and are not heavy handed. I could tell by returning customers that others are satisfied with their service. Once again, this is an actual shop, not someone's backyard and these ladies braid with ease until the job is done. They started on my regular sized singles at 11 and had me out the door by 2:30. Keep up the good work ladies!
Quick, amazing quality and wonderfully priced. My co-workers and I always pick up from here for lunch.
We have always come to Scales for our scaley babies. From lizards to snakes.. Summer 2016 we basically bought them out of their snake collection! We have seen so many crews come through here but Terry and Jillian have to be our favorite so far. They're always there to help, even after store hours I've been able to reach Jillian for some help (she's our snake lady)! Their new District Manager Spencer is doing wonders for them! Turning both stores around completely from cleaning it up (it was never dirty, but making it spotless) and ordering some amazing reptiles and prairie dogs! He is very understanding and always wants us to come to him with any questions. He's our lizard guy, and he always listens when we try to teach him snake things! My boyfriend and I are Scales family forever. Thanks always guys!
Amazing hotel! My favorite - as a VIP platinum I stay at one of their wrapped around terrace suite! Kitchen/ 2 full size bathrooms/  amazing views west tower! Premium view of Bellagio and strip! Everything's nearby from restaurants casino 15 mins from airport!
Great place excellent breakfast and lunch.  The demand shows.. they def need a larger or an additional location!
This is absolutley my favorite mexican restaurant! It is truly authentic mexican food that is consistently excellent! Love that it is locally owned and they take great pride in making sure you are completely happy with your visit.  The atmosphere and service is awesome.
Dr. Reynolds is seriously the bomb dot com!!!! I recently lost over 100 pounds and so I have saggy extra skin just chillin all over the place. He did my breast lift and tummy tuck and I'll be going back in a couple months for my legs and butt lift. He made me feel incredibly comfortable and I knew right away I could trust him. I was scared out of my mind, but it was easy to have complete confidence in him, and I'm healing sooooo good. Definitely worth every single penny! P.S his office staff is actually NICE. That's hard to find nowadays ;)
Was told it would be 9 minutes for my order of bacon cheddar pretzels, totally cool, I'm patient... Then 15 minutes later they tell me that it will be an additional 3 minutes. Get real, be honest, you didn't put them in the oven. This location is always so slow and their customer service is non existent.
I absolutely love this location. I have been there three times now and soon to be four. If you need work done in your mouth I would recommend waiting until Dr. Nelson is there on Wednesday. Be patient because he's worth the wait. He gives everyone the time and attention they need. When I was there he took his time and knew I couldn't handle two root canals in one day so he just did the one and got me out of pain with the other until I could sleep and then come back in. It took a little longer but it was well worth the wait. I didn't have any pain during or after the procedure. Also he has made me feel like I've know mm him forever and is just a great Dr. He's never once made me feel bad for not taking as good of care of my teeth as I should of when I was younger. Gloria is very personable and other assistants helped and made me feel welcome. The front office staff is amazing!!!! I love going to the dentist now where before I dreaded it and never wanted to go, ever.
We used Hilldrup to move us from our House to a temporary Townhouse, while we built a new home.  We have moved a total of 7 times, prior to this move, cross country and local.  The move itself was not nearly as terrible as the people and the organization behind it.  What an incompetent group of buffoons!  Their estimator, who had supposedly been doing this for 20 plus years, was so far off on our quote, compared to the actual and the amount of people needed --- they should have fired her.   After walking their professional appraiser through our home that was to be moved, inside and out, she missed the ENTIRE garage and back porch.  I asked them to pack and move our entire house --- she somehow missed the "pack" part of the equation also.  After all was said and done, they tried to charge us an extra $3,000 over their original quote!!  And, it took them a day longer than they originally quoted.  Left several messages to discuss the issues we had with their management --- never received a phone call back.  Please take my advice and don't just walk away from this company -- RUN away and don't use!  The worst moving company we have ever experienced, by far.Drew
Brothers pizza, what a mess. Sat down and got our order taken, drinks came fast. However, our onion rings sat on the counter for a few minutes. Pizza came fresh and hot. We didn't get parmesan cheese when we asked twice, the couple in the booth next to us gave us theirs.The restroom was dirty, and the flusher was broken on the toilet. An employee got pills out of her purse on the front counter, Generally slow service for a little amount of customers. Would not recommend.
The beer selection wax slight but those they had were good, and the happy hour prices excelled.  the tavern burger was geat, cooked to my specs and big and juicey.  Burger and beer give me a reason to go back.
ho hum bar with nothing spectacular to give it an edge.  Beer selection is week at best.  Food is so so.  Only reason to go here is the neighborhood,  dont go out of your way.
This place was great until they decided to bring in an outside management company.  They started writing threatening letters for no reason and now are charging for online rent payments when the prior policy was not to.  It's too bad, until then it was a great place and I've been here three years...but it won't be four
Not bad overall. the beer ws excellent, the salad was wilted, probably sitting for some time.  Service was slow, up to 10 minutes to get the order after walking in and another 10 for the beer to be delivered.  But you go there for the beer, and their KBS was unbeatable, porter and imperial stout was great.
The girls were all sitting at tables talking to their regulars.  Trying to get service was tough.  The food, however, was awesome.  The spinach salad is the best I've had anywhere.
its a frigging fast food restaurant people, rating it higher than 1 means youre part of the overweight masses killing this country
Excellent show and master entertainer. Still trying figure some of the  tricks out. Ticket price at $72 was reasonable and good seating in J section. My wife and friends thought the show was incredible.
OMG.. Von, Karen and Cheyenne.. great hosts, great wine and fantastic dates with goat cheese, walnuts, blood orange balsamic, Meyer lemon olive oil. Best value for great wine and food in the Avondale area.
Visited fightertown today for my nephews group birthday party- it was my first time playing paintball. The staff was all very attentive and personable. Their number one rule was to have fun, which we all certainly did. The fields are set up pretty creatively and I was quite impressed to walk onto a field with half a helicopter as a prop. We left fightertown with a great, memorable experience!
Everything from the service to the flavors was on point. Initially thought to try it out based on other reviews and was not disappointed. Will certainly be back again :)
It's like they took all the worst employees at surrounding fast food restaurants and stuck them here. They've gotten one out of 5 drive through orders right. Don't go here
To Jacob, the all star making $9 an hour....For such a tall guy, you sure act like a little bitch, sincerely,The guy who said guac instead of avocado. P.S. eat a dick you lanky bitch
They're "fresh handmade ravioli" was frozen in the center. This place is full of shit
Foods om. Staff needs some work. Walked in after I called in my order to find two girls standing there talking, with no one in the restaraunt and they didn't even start my order. Also table were dirty with plates, again, not busy at all. Things would be different if I was manager.
It's okay.  Like $14 to shoot if your not a member. Decent range and safety percautions. Definately expect to get talked down to by these dickheads that work there. Don't get me wrong, there are like 3-4 guys that are funny and kool dudes, but its mostly guys that think since they have a gun that makes them the number 1 super man of the range. Watch out for the skinny, frail douche bag with the HUGE BEARD. He such and ass hole to everyone and hits on the women and stares at them and shit, he's  a creep. And if he is your reading this you better keep that gun on you because a handcuffed 11 year old looks like he could beat the shit out of you.
Worst manager ever. The guy with the blonde hair and glasses. If he's working don't go. He'll screw up your order and ignore you when you come in. Don't go here
Took my car here for an oil change, and when they took it in the back the manager told the mechanic that was working on my car to leave and pick up a lady at her house, whole there were 3 other mechanics conversing on the side. So that added another 20 mins to my overall time and when I confronted him about it he thought he did nothing wrong. Also they have me a quote of $900 for a control arm that cost me $300 at the shop down the street. NEVER GO HERE
Pretty standard range. There's one skinny kid with glasses that thinks he's king of the range and is kind of a dick. He also stares at people way too long for comfort. He'll stand over your shoulder staring at you like your a 5 year old and dont know anything about firearms, and try to small talk with you while your shooting too. It's really annoying.
This place used to be good but they hire high school kids who don't care about their job (they are making 8.50 so I understand), also they treat their employees like interchangeable parts. They used to have consistency in their products but the soups are not blended and become solid with refrigeration. It's different everytime I go now, so I don't go anymore. Seems like the new management techniques have this place destined for failure. I would suggest fixing it fast.
Best employees out if any fast food restaurant, always leave happy. They're not afraid to give lots of fire
I had the Thai nachos, steak and shrimp tacos, and the spicy pina margarita. The food was delicious and margarita was spot on. All served up by Dean! Great customer service! Definitely coming back the next time I'm in Vegas.
The owner. Mo S. Died too young he was a best friend to a lot of us May his wife stay strong in these tough times, May his two girls grow up knowing their dad was doing the best for them! May you Rest in Peace brother.-Ken
I've received outstanding care on numerous occasions at Southwestern Eye Center!  I've had procedures done by Dr. Adelberg and Dr. Garcia, I highly recommend both.
Sunday was my first time here. The actually place was nice...cute outside too but we sat inside. To be honest, we left rather disappointed. I had high hopes coming to this place based off all the other reviews. The French toast wasn't cooked long enough and was so soft. Syrup just made it soggy because it wasn't crispy. It wasn't terrible just wouldn't order it again. My boyfriend ordered a Belgian waffle which he said was okay. Besides from the food just being okay, the staff was great. The only thing I HATED was we sat along the walkway, across from the bar which is also right by the front door. Don't sit there! The staff works their butts off. However, the bus boys and staff were practically running through restaurant. The place is so small inside they have to shout to customers to move out the way because they have to pass. It seemed like they were unorganized but trying REALLY hard to be organized. Just overall too hectic which made me uncomfortable. The outside seems like a better option, less hectic. 100 Cafe isn't bad, it's just not what I expected...at all. Maybe if they had more staff they wouldn't have to literally be running through the restaurant or if they had a manager keeping the walking path clear for staff, it would help? It also took forever and they had a line to pay the bill. Unfortunately, I won't be returning. Just not my type of place.
There is a dearth of great coffee in Chandler. Peixoto changes this. Went here for a pre-work coffee stop after meaning to come here since opening. Nice, cozy atmosphere with an industrial, classic feel to it. Every staff member was friendly, knowledgeable, and eager and happy to espouse the merits of their coffee and drinks. Seating ranges from a couple of tables outside to couches to tables to bar seating.I ordered a cortado, which met all of my expectations. No faults here. While sitting at the bar I was offered a sample of cold brew, which was bright, smooth, flavorful, and had a hint of astringency that added a little personality to each sip. I was also offered a sample of the cascara, something I'd never had before. Cascara is tea made from the dried coffee cherry. Chilled cascara is delicious, with an unexpected fruitiness; absolutely a refreshing summertime drink for the future.There were a variety of pastries on display from Pistol Whipped Pastry, which, along with hot cascara, are on my list to try on my next visit. Also in their lineup are a variety of coffee brewing methods other than drip, which include some of my favorites such as the Hario V60, Chemex, and Aeropress.Stop in and support a coffee shop going about things the right way in a place that needed it. Drink local.
This is one of the most easiest airports to get around.  It's clean and plenty of comfortable seating throughout the airport.  Try the direct flight from Madison to Salt Lake City!  Enjoy life and travel!
Fat Jack's is a locally owned restaurant who believes in home cooking.  Their chicken is slowly smoked, roasted ribs, and the marinated chicken breast is aw so good.  Their barbecue sauces are made on the premises and is their special secret.  The portion size is good and the atmosphere is comfortable.  The service is fairly quick and a good pace.  Don't miss a good restaurant with their own distinctive flavors.
I really enjoyed the view if the lake, but the service is slow and the wait staff is not attentive.  Thankfully, the food was good.
Great equipment on one level and the guys playing hoops are serious!  If you are into working out this is the place!
Metcalf's is a great spot for lunch and dinner entrees to go.  Good prices for quality food.  They have sandwiches,Salads, and fresh sushi.  It's all delicious.
Ok I have been to a lot of Starbucks locations, and let me say this one lacks personality and service.I ordered my coffee, cake pop, and another coffee and they didn't ask for my name and even thanked me for my order.If have a choice, this would not be my favorite location.  They need to bring a spark to the group.
Our first experience to this intimate Korean restaurant was a hit!  The warm hospitality was refreshing, and it was one of the best Korean food I have ever eaten!  We ordered Bulgogi and Jajiang.  It was delicious and cooked properly.  The noodles were tight as they should- very authentic.  The Bulgogi was marinated and cooked with no MSG and it was worth the price of $15.99.  The banchun was also fresh, crunchy, and a great compliment to our meal. Yum!The service was amazing!  Our waitress was friendly and took care of our craving for Kimchi.  In speaking with her, we found out the Kimchi is made fresh everyday.  We weren't surprised because it was crisp and tasty.  We can't wait to try this wonderful Korean spot for lunch as we heard their lunch box is also good and starts at $9.99.  You got to try this one of a kind Korean restaurant!
This place needs to shutdown and start all over. If you walk the strip you can find "deals" to get there and get in. The girls are free admission but the guys not so much. The drink minimum is where they get you. The drink coupons we received must have only covered water. Every "free" drink we ordered cost us extra, and they weren't fancy top shelf drinks at all. So expect to pay extra for anything other than water. Took the girls upstairs to the guys where these "clowns" informed us that they didn't appreciate the guys being up here with the ladies. (Probably because we were better looking. Or it was due to the laughter from their lack of dancing ability) So after a good laugh from the clown show, we left the ladies up there to try and salvage a good time in the place. Less than a half hour later the gals were so disappointed in upstairs they came down and sat with us. My wife said she tried really hard to spend money up there but couldn't understand the men from their accents or they were just not "Vegas stripper" caliber. The ladies were even more of a joke. If you like high pressure sales, then you'll have fun. No dancing ability at all period. Would not call them "hot Vegas strippers". Very below average girls. Every girl said the same thing, so their sales lines are probably posted in the dressing room. I can't even review the dancing on the stage, there was none. Topless I don't care I'm here please gimme a dollar walk around the stage is all it was. We especially loved the girl that yawned on stage. I don't know where to go for a good strip club out there, but this isn't it. Couldn't afford to get burned by another one. Oh and that "deal" limo ride ya got getting there, good luck getting it back.Only reason they got a one, because I couldn't give them a zero. Beware of the trap people!!!
Good service of high quality. Enjoyed waxing and threading experience with Sonya. After I was done, a very pleasant man who was probably somebody from management walked with me across the street so I was safe. I enjoy Indo Canada experience a lot. Will visit them again when I'm in Toronto next time.
Incredibly delicious food. My only complaint is the restroom which is downstairs. The way down is very steep and the floor is very slippery so it feels kinda dangerous to go there.
We were fans of First Watch when we lived in Kansas City so we were very excited to learn one was opening up near our home. We tried it out today and it did not disappoint. The service was great, everyone was very friendly, and the restaurant itself is very cute. The food way very tasty and satisfying. We had the breakfast tacos and the avocado toast and they were both very flavorful. We were also able to try the new fresh juices they offer and they were delicious! Ice cold and fresh - perfect compliment to our meals. We look forward to eating here again!
I love massage therapist Cathlene. She always provide excellent service and has wonderful personality. She knows exactly what to do to relieve my neck, shoulders and lower back pains and migraine headaches. I strongly recommend her.
Decided to try Marquee out and see what all the hype was.Not bad for club, really big and spacious inside. I was Surprised when DJ EDX cam on stage and then to top the night DJ Sander Van Dorn came out, place went wild haha.Only waited in line for about 20min. While waiting in the elevator to go up to the 17th floor, the elevator host Wesley was hilarious. That's the personality all host and bouncers should. Told us about the club it self and then began dancing. Got everyone in the dancing mood and had everyone dancing off the elevator.The only reason I rated this 3 stars was because the price. $50MEN and $20 Woman. It is very expensive inside, but its worth it.Also the downstairs dance floor hip hop was way to crowded people were pushing and shoving each other. NO room to dance.I would return again.
$1 sliders, $1 wings great place for happy hour. Between 3pm-6pm Mon-Friday they have great happy hour on food. Friday and Sauturday nights they have dueling pianos. It was very convenient since I was staying at Monte Carlo.Will come again.
Canes is great place for a fast food joint. We cam here once about 2 years ago and decided to go their again before our road trip back home.Very satisfied. Great customer service and food.I recommend the chicken strip sandwich Combo only $6A little cheaper then Chik-Fil-A.I was told that their is lots of them in the South, just a fact.i will return again when I am in town.
Its located on the same property of Caesars Palace out in front. Went here during lunch time wanting to have a burger or hot dog, but they were only offering a brunch menu and a lot of it consist of  breakfast food. I didnt really mind but it does suck that brunch isnt over till 2pm. So if your looking to have a burger or foot long hot dog, go after 2pm when the menu changes.Service was great,very clean place.I had the quesadilla that comes with eggs,bacon,potatoe, and cheese.We also had a chicken sandwich,comes with chicken,chips(inside),tomatoe,lettuce and comes with a side of fries of your choice.Great food!Will return again.
Went here to eat before hitting the club and cant say I have ever had better egg plant pizza. Didn't sound to good but after taking that first bite, WOW!!!!The bruschetta was very very good and so was the free bread.The service wasn't so great. Our server had a big party so he never checked up on us. Which I understand if you get a big party but dont forget about your other tables. The bussers were more helpful. Always asked if we were doing ok and serving us water.Other than That it was really good for.Definitely will return again!
I gave this place 4 stars because the owner was really cool. We walked in looking around he got up and greeted us and began to tell us about the cupcakes.He gave us free cupcakes since it was our anniversary.Some of the cupcakes were a little dry, but the frosting was really good.Would give them another try.
Excellent place to stay for the price. I paid $275 for three days two night Fri-Sun.Loved the pool. A little crowded but we expected that especially with 105 degree weather outside. Great DJ and food.Only thing I didnt like was that there is no locks on the doors. I was told that the doors lock automatic and can only be opened with our key. The reason why it bothered me was because everytime the room next door opend their door or the room across from us, it sounded like if they were opening our door. Literally I had to get up and look at our door.We ate at The Pub which is downstairs on the main casino floor. Great Happy Hour on food. We ended up having dessert form The Cupcakery near The Pub. Really great cupcakes.Other than that it was a great place to stay. Really enjoyed everything.Would recommend.
**Open Bar Review Only** 1/1/17 2AM. We were walking around New Year's Day on the strip when two guys from Carlos and Charlie waived us down and told us to check out the open bar night to open up the New Years. It was $25 per person and you had 1hr open bar. So we walked over to the Carlos and Charlie and the music was going but we couldn't see inside. Screw it we decided to go in. As you walk in they hand you a plastic Dixie cup and tell you to hold on to it or there will be a fee for a new cup.  That was weird as it was. We walk in and there is about 30 people just standing around listening to the DJ. The dance floor was all wet from people spilling there drinks on it. The reason why I gave it one star and wish I could've gave it negative stars was because of what they were serving behind the bar. All the bottles behind the bar were bottom shelf generic imitation bottles. The worst of the worst. All the bottles on the back shelf were not being served. They weren't part the open bar. They had a few beers on tap. I asked for IPA and they told me NO. I asked for Bud Light and they said No. So I told him to give me whatever was included in the open bar. Disgrace of bartender come back with Natural Ice. Within that one hour of being there we decided we had enough. Dump of a place could keep the money, they needed it. About to walk out when security stops everyone who's leaving because a female slipped and busted her face open. Since there was blood everywhere we had to wait till they cleaned it up to exit. Place is a dump don't go here.
This is my favorite coffee and cake shop on this side of the hemisphere! XOchitl is without a doubt the best barista out there. She is always super polite, has a very inviting smile and personality! If you have not yet been I very highly recommend it! You won't be sorry with your experience!!!!
Je passe devant la veille en me disant quel est ce nouveau resto prs de chez moi ! Aujourd'hui on l'essaie. Bird Bar est ouvert depuis trois jours seulement. Autrefois on entrait dans ancienne friperie, mais l'endroit a compltement chang. Le design est trs beau, trs contemporain. On nous indique qu'il nous reste qu'une place si on avait pas de rservation! Dj et mme pas encore d'enseigne  l'extrieur. C'est la place si on aime le poulet, frit plus prcisment. Tous les plats que nous avons pris taient dlicieux, portion gnreuse. Bon choix de vin et d'apro ( c'est aussi un bar finalement) nous avons pris les champignons en duo, les popcorns de poulet bien pic, une salade csar au poulet, et une assiette gnreuse de grosses ailes de poulet. Une excellente premire exprience, trs bon service. Tout s'est bien droul pour un resto ouvert depuis 3 jours seulement. Une belle exprience.
Je crois que cet endroit est en train de devenir mon resto de sushis prfr! Dj ma 3me visite en deux mois. C'est comme une "exprience" sushis. Laissez-vous gter par les choix du chef, ou les saveurs du mois. Chaque sushis a sa sauce ou son condiment spcial, par oignons frits... et ne pas oublier d'essayer les meilleures calmar frit en ville. Le service est en plus agrable. Seul remarque ngative: c'est petit donc risque d'tre complet assez vite, par contre on peut commander pour apporter et manger dans le taxi !!
Although this pub smelled somewhat suspect to me (I won't say what it smelled like, as my husband claims he didn't smell a thing and I don't want to influence future visitors), we decided to have lunch at the World's End, and I'm glad we did. Because really, all I have to say is: Black pudding and goat cheese. Sweet baby Jesus, yes. Two of my favorite foods combined on one plate of awesomeness. This appetizer also came with a little salad, and some onion chutney (which I didn't touch), but really, if you like black pudding and goat cheese, order this. You're welcome.I also got a side of chips, which was huge for the price and very tasty. My husband had the fish and chips, and I swear there was an entire freaking fish on his plate, so portion sizes were certainly ample and the food was good. The menu was relatively large, and there were quite a few things that I would have tried, if not for the lure of the black pudding, so it was a solid choice for lunch.We were seated right next to a large window, which made for some awesome people watching as we ate, and there seemed to be a pretty good crowd in for lunch. Service was friendly, our drinks were kept full, and our empty plates were removed quickly. So aside from the odd smell, I have absolutely no complaints about the World's End, and I'd definitely stop in again for that black pudding and goat cheese appetizer!The World's End, you are certainly A-OK in my book.
I had one of the more adventurous meals of my life at Angels with Bagpipes last week, and it was excellent. As we were on vacation, we decided to treat ourselves to a more upscale and pricey meal, and it was worth every penny. We had a late reservation, and our table wasn't quite ready when we arrived, so we decided to enjoy a cocktail in the front bar area and peruse the menu. It's not a huge menu by any means, but it is an interesting one, so we had a difficult enough time deciding what we'd like to order. What was nice was that we were able to order prior to being seated at our table, so that we wouldn't have to wait ages for our food. (Details like that are what make some restaurant experiences great, instead of merely good.)My cocktail (a chocolate/orange/espresso combination) was tasty, but I switched to wine with my food. My husband loved his gin and tonic, though, and stuck with that for the evening. I started with the beef tartare (a first for me), and it was amazing. I even enjoyed the raw quail's egg on top, and I generally have an issue with even somewhat runny eggs. Honestly, this dish was so good, I would've considered having it again for dessert! My husband had the haggis, which he really enjoyed, especially as it was wrapped in bacon. (I didn't get a bite, but I've had haggis before, so I wasn't too disappointed.) For mains, I had the trout, and again, it was very good - I particularly enjoyed the crab "fish stick" that accompanied it. My husband had the lamb, and here's where I got super adventurous, as it came with sweetbread and tongue, both of which I tried (another first), and coming from someone who SWORE they would never eat any kind of organ meat, I really liked both. The tongue in particular was very tender and flavorful. I don't know that I would be brave enough to eat an entire entree, but the bites I had were very enjoyable, and my husband said he'd happily order this again. He also got a side of chips, which were good, but not entirely necessary.For dessert we decided to split the cheese plate, and it is more than big enough to share, with 5 different cheese on offer, including a fantastic goat cheese. The pear chutney was a wonderful accompaniment, and really, it was a perfect end to a perfect meal.The restaurant isn't terribly fancy or pretentious - it's more of a place where you can dress up if you'd like to, but I felt comfortable enough in nice jeans and a sparkly top. The upstairs dining area can get a bit loud, especially if there are any large groups having dinner, but it didn't detract from our experience at all. Service, especially in the bar area, is friendly and top notch, and the food is all presented beautifully. Portions aren't huge, but everything is of the best quality and we certainly didn't leave hungry. We had a great night and a fantastic meal, and I would definitely go back to Angels with Bagpipes if I'm ever in Edinburgh again.
We stopped in to Hussong's for a quick bite to eat before heading over to New York New York to see Zumanity. We were seated quickly, and had chips, salsa (two kinds, a red and a green), and water brought to our table right away, which was nice.The food, honestly, was alright, but the lobster tacos were what really drew us in, and they were a disappointment. The shells were deep fried, which really overpowered any flavor of lobster...or anything else in the taco. I ended up scraping everything out of the shell, and that was marginally better, but still. Sad. The steak quesadilla, on the other hand, was really good - it was served "open face" instead of folded over like a normal quesadilla, so it looked more like a pizza, but hey, whatever. It was tasty. I liked that the sour cream was drizzled over the quesadilla instead of served on the side, and even though the quesadilla apparently no longer comes with guacamole, our server brought me a side order of guac anyway with no additional charge.The salsas were interesting - the texture of the red one reminded me of marinara sauce, but it was actually really tasty and slightly spicy. I tried the green salsa, which was the one my husband preferred, but it didn't have the same heat as the red, so I ignored it after the first couple of bites.Our drinks (a Mexican mojito and a Mango Margarita) were really good - a little bit pricey, but overall tasty and a decent deal for Vegas. Service was fast, if not overly friendly, and the Mariachi band was cool. They played everything from Pink Floyd to the traditional Mariachi music, and we enjoyed listening to them. We also enjoyed looking at all of the decor around the restaurant, as there was a LOT to look at. I'm regretting we didn't get a photo with the cardboard cutout Dos Equis guy!Overall, I probably wouldn't be back in, as there are PLENTY of places in Vegas to eat, but it was still an alright meal.
This is a great shop that we (happily) stumbled upon our last day in Edinburgh. We had some time to kill before lunch, so we wandered over to the Grassmarket area, and my husband spotted Helios Fountain at the bottom of the street. When we walked through the door and I saw the large selection of beads, I was instantly happy, as I'm a crafter and had wanted to visit a bead shop anyway. When I saw the selection of Celtic knot beads, though, I literally squealed with joy, causing my husband to shush me!!Knowing I would be buying beads, I decided to wander around the rest of the store first, and I'm glad I did. This is a lovely shop for the young, or the young at heart. Tons of craft items, interesting cards and gifts, toys, trinkets, and more cover literally every spot of available space (and hang from the ceiling and shelves as well)! Really, this is the perfect place to buy a gift for pretty much anyone in your life...or yourself. I could've spent hours browsing.I ended up showing some restraint and "only" buying my beads, a few other jewelry-making items, and an interesting polished fossil for the collection on my desk. If I lived in Edinburgh, I could see this shop being a favorite of mine, and will definitely be back for more beads and fun gifts if I'm ever in the area again.
5 stars, because this is the place where my husband and I had our first date, back in 2005. So, how could it NOT get 5 stars! Every time we're in Vegas, we always make sure to stop by Nine Fine Irishmen at least once, for old time's sake. And it's always consistently good. In fact, it's always just the same as we've left it - same house band, same menu, same drink prices. And to be honest, that's not a bad thing. We always know that we're going to enjoy ourselves, and relive fun moments from our past. Drinks are somewhat pricey; it's Vegas. They do often measure their pours, though, which is annoying. The food is alright, but we don't come here to eat - we come to drink, soak up the atmosphere, and listen to the band. Since the band takes requests, one of our favorite activities is to play "stump the band" and request all of the obscure Irish songs we can think of. It's fun, though, when they actually know one! The bartenders aren't really outgoing, but they do keep everyone well hydrated. The atmosphere isn't really like what you'd find in a pub IN Ireland (it's a little too upscale for that), but Nine Fine Irishmen still does a good job of creating a fun, pub atmosphere, and is a good change from the standard Vegas craziness. You definitely don't feel like you're in Las Vegas...until you step out the door! I prefer to sit at the bar downstairs, but the upstairs area is nice as well, especially if you're having a meal. Downstairs can get a bit rowdy and loud as the evening goes on. I do have to admit that there's another pub in Vegas that has recently stolen my heart, but Nine Fine Irishmen will always be special to me, and I know each time we visit will be as good as the last. I'm already looking forward to the next time we stop in.
I am all about funky socks - in fact, I think I may own approximately 2 pairs that are a single solid color. Every other pair I have are for making a personal statement depending on the mood I'm in...so of course the Las Vegas Sock Market is somewhere I *need* to shop at every time I'm in Las Vegas! The store has a huge variety of socks (in various lengths), tights, and leggings for all ages, and in all styles. Need a pair of socks with sushi on them? You'll find those here! How about a pair with Van Gogh's Starry Night? Yep! You get the idea...On our most recent visit I got a pair with skulls on them, two pairs with different designs involving dinosaurs...and a pair with dachshunds chasing tennis balls on them! (As we have a dachshund with a tennis ball obsession, those socks clearly spoke to me on a deep level).The socks are a smidge expensive - it IS Vegas after all - but if you're a sock person, or buying a gift for someone who loves hosiery, they're totally worth it for the novelty if nothing else. The socks I've purchased are also high quality, fit well, and each pair has lasted me a long time, so overall it's good value for the money. No doubt about it, I'll be back to the Sock Market the next time I'm in Vegas!
Anyone who has read my reviews knows that I'm no stranger to an Irish pub. In fact, I'm a regular pub snob, as my husband is 100% born and raised in Ireland, and I've spent a good amount of my time in pubs. Some good, some bad, some mediocre. And I know it's a chain, but I LOVE this Ri Ra.After a stressful week spent in meetings, the minute I got to Vegas all I wanted to do was unwind. My coworker knows I love a good pub, and was familiar with Ri Ra, so she suggested we go get a drink. I could still hug her for that! When I stepped in, Ri Ra felt like home. Irish staff and bartenders, dim lighting, lots of dark wood, and an all around great atmosphere. There's even a statue of St. Patrick holding a pint! Love it. (Oh, and this pub is HUGE, btw - if you don't like the area you're sitting in, go exploring into another room, and you're bound to find a space that makes you happy.)So, we sat at the bar, I knocked back a couple of Jameson & Diet Cokes (not too overly expensive for Vegas, either), and we shared the curry chips, which were excellent. A huge portion (for a good price), and I don't know what they did with the curry, but I loved it, and I'm not normally a fan of curry. As my husband was due to arrive into Vegas later that night, I immediately made plans to bring him back in for drinks and dinner.Flash forward a few hours, and he and I are sitting in the snug, dining on some awesome food (get the salmon...mmmm.) and listening to a decent "Irish" band. (They didn't just play trad Irish, but also threw a bit of everything in, from classic rock and beyond). We moved to the bar after dinner, and  my husband strikes up a conversation with the bartender, who is (of course!) from my husband's home town. This experience pretty much laid the foundation for our weekend in Vegas, as I think we managed to come back to Ri Ra at least 3 more times over the weekend, and each time was a lot of fun - full or empty, music or no music. I already can't wait for my next trip back to Vegas in October, as I'll definitely be a repeat customer at Ri Ra. Just save me a seat at the bar, and have a menu and a Jameson ready for me.
Meh. I didn't find this pub to be anything special, but that might be because it was cold and rainy when we visited, so we didn't take advantage of any of the outdoor seating.Drink prices were on a par with other places in the area, but really, there are plenty of other places to drink that are more interesting and/or charming. There was nothing really WRONG with the Beehive, it was fine to stop in for a midafternoon drink and relax for awhile, but there are certainly better places to visit, so I wouldn't be a repeat customer.
I'm a little bit crazy, in that I generally don't eat at buffets...unless I'm in Las Vegas. Yeah, I know. Weird.ANYWAY, there always seemed to be a really long line for Le Village, so we avoided it in the past. However, I was recently in Vegas for a work event, and was gifted with Diamond status for the Harrah's "family" of hotels and casinos, so I was able to use my VIP status to bypass the line, go through the fancy area, and get seated right away. YAY!The ambiance of the Le Village buffet gets 4 stars. They really try to make you feel like you're in a little courtyard somewhere in France, which is cool with me. Especially when I was coming down from a stressful weekend and just wanted to relax, eat, and drink. I didn't feel like I was in Vegas, which totally worked for me. Our server was really nice, and had iced teas and mimosas (YAY, mimosas!!) on the table right away, and our mimosa glasses really didn't ever get empty. I'm a big fan of free unlimited mimosas, so I was a pretty happy girl from that standpoint.Now, the food. Honestly, from the ever-present line and a lot of the reviews, I was expecting to be wowed. And I really wasn't. I mean, the food was good, and this buffet is definitely better than some, but there wasn't anything terribly French. Or many things that I couldn't get at any other buffet, really. But there were some pretty good dishes that I did break my one plate rule for and went back for seconds: bacon and brie pasta, spicy mussels, garlic mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, lamb tips, shrimp (oh, shrimp. How I love you.), and the antipasti plate. The creme brulee for dessert was nice, but nothing to swoon over. The rest of the desserts didn't do it for me, which was probably good, after the second plate of the things I mentioned above!The price was comparable to other Vegas buffets, and for the quality of the food, a better deal than at some of the other hotels. All in all, was it good? Yep. Was it my favorite Las Vegas buffet? Nope. Would I be back again? Yes, but I wouldn't wait for ages in a line. It's a solid option, though, and like I said...the ambiance is worth it, especially if you want to feel like you're not in Vegas for awhile.
Oink does one thing, and it does it really well. I had added this on my list of places to try in Edinburgh because the husband and I are both fans of the pig, and with all of the rave reviews, we figured we couldn't go wrong. And we were right! We stopped by for an early lunch after visiting Edinburgh castle, and Oink was everything we hoped it would be. Pink storefront and roasting pig in the window? Check! It doesn't get much fresher than that.There was only one person in front of us, and two people enjoying their sandwiches at a table near the door. Because it wasn't packed, the owner bantered with us for a few minutes and he was very friendly. We each ordered the medium sized option - mine with haggis, apple, and chili sauce on wheat, and my husband's with haggis and BBQ sauce on wheat. The owner also threw in a piece of crackling for my husband, which my husband loved. We grabbed a bottle of water, a handful of napkins, and were able to snag two of the seats indoors where we thoroughly enjoyed the porky goodness.It was a perfect, delicious lunch. We didn't spend much money and left full and happy. Until the next time, Oink!!
The food was decent, nothing to complain nor rave about... I'm not from the area so I can't compare it to any other Indian food but I left satisfied.
Great place - was only in Madison for a couple of days but wanted a pedicure and really happy that I chose here. Very clean and professional  environment ... I'll be back in June!
Good place to visit, I like the atmosphere of this tavern. Awesome local beer options. Friendly servers. Open kitchen which is a nice feel.
Awesome wings, had the tipsy bbq ones and some regular fries - I lucked out and it was half off of wings and fries night (Monday's) and I paid $12 for 2 beers, wings and French fries - no complaints whatsoever!
Really, really sucks that this is the only real restaurant at this airport... The menu is soo limited. I've been here multiple times (unfortunately) and I know what to expect, however, I didn't expect to have super rude waitress who attended to 3 patrons who came in after me. She also expected me to know what I wanted to order before bringing me a menu and never offered me any water.
I've stayed at The Edgewater hotel before and it's definitely a great hotel, they should disassociate themselves from this restaurant though... I ordered the Lobster Roll with French fries - the French fries were the star (and they weren't even that great). This lobster roll was the most bland, tasteless, season less, flavorless food I have ever tasted in my life! It was unreal and extremely disappointing.In other news, the waitress was very friendly and attentive - but I was too shocked by the quality of the food to get her name.
Kristen is awsome, very caring, I always feel in good hands!
I love Jerry's. This place has been here in Phoenix for year's. As a busy hard working handyman, mostly doing concrete and pavement work, I need to have solid full meals, and that's not the drive throughFast food joint's. I like to sit down, at a table or a counter at anytime day or night, and have comfort food. Meatloaf with mashed potatoes, a decent sandwich like a club or turkey, a hearty breakfast with eggs cooked to order and potatoes, not like the microwave fast food breakfasts that I can only get on the limited  times they are served. I came in with a large crew after a really long day and night, 3am and we were treated by happy smiling good old fashion real people. I definitely recommend Jerry's to everyone because they serve just about anything you would want to eat at anytime of the day and night. Oh, the waitresses have been there forever which really make you feel like you're going home to eat.
I do handyman work, so I'm inside people's homes everyday. I send all of my customers to Salty, because Mechanical Brother's Heating and Cooling is family owned and operated, they are honest, professional, and consistent with great customer service. I've never had any problems with them as I have with some other HVAC companies intown, who don't treat customers like family. I recommend them to everyone that wants quality, honesty and professionalism!
A constant stream of grandmas in bright acid wash and bro's in bent baseball caps navigate through this tired hotel while modern country bleats in the background. Somehow, the rest of Vegas looks sophisticated by comparison. (Why didn't I spend the extra couple of dollars to stay at Caesars?) Feels more like Branson (or the DMV) than Sin City. Also not a fan of the $10 charge to use the in-room Keurig coffee machine or $15 for Internet access.
While in Vegas over this past weekend we visited this bar. Let me say they have amazing food here! Buy one get one free great mixed drinks! The fries they have I forgot what they were called but omgodness!!!! This place is also a club at night and plays great music a lot of hip hop and top 40's. They also have beer pong lol Super fun place with great food!
Omg is all I can say! Ate here yesterday and it was AMAZING!!!! The baked beans are so good as well as the mac and cheese! All the meat is seasoned so good I didn't even need bbq sauce! I will definitely be coming back here again when I'm out this way!
I stayed here over the past weekend for the first time and let me just say it was the best Vegas visit I have had by far! The rooms and hotel itself were kept so beautiful! The pool area was amazing!!! They have a wave pool along with a pool party all weekend long free to guest that stay in their hotel! Met amazing people there and can't wait to go back! I visit Vegas often and I will from thus point on only stay in the Monte Carlo hotel. 5+ stars!
First Time there and what made us go was the GroupOn Special.. but needless To Say we had The Best Service There and the Staff was Awsome!!Big Thank You To Sonny and our waitress and The Manager was great
After eight years with my vet, I have to get a second opinion. My English bulldog head was bobbing and I was really worried that he will get really sick. My former  vet recommended an MRI which will set me back at $2,500 plus substantial  expenses already incurred. Based on  a 5-star rating from Yelp, i chose Dr  B ' s Clinic  . I immediately knew I made the right decision. I love the cheerful welcoming staff. The  clean examination room  with the tv welcoming rinkle was a wonderful personal touch. After reading all the test results,Dr. B even gave a PowerPoint presentation on Rinkle'spredicament. We understood that  occasional head bobbing was common for the breed. What a relief!
We met some friends out of town here and decided to go to this Pizza Joint. The experience was terrific. Service was phenomenal. We are not HUGE pizza people but the food and drinks where great. GET THE WHITE SANAGRIA. We started with the Bruchesta Plank, Anti - pasta plate ( giant elephant ear garlic..WHAT!?!? YUUUSSS!), Then we spilt the truffled mushroom pizza ( favorite ) and bocca trio.Next time will just drink white sanagria until I can't see and eat appetizers.
Pretty disappointed.  What is with pools companies?!? We had been stiffed by two other companies...so I researched pool companies on Yelp as our pool situation is a bit of a emergency.  This company had great reviews and I was really happy to find a good one.  I called Mike and he did answer right away, only to say "I'm sorry I'm eating dinner" (so why did you answer the phone??) and to please text my info and he would call first thing the next morning.  Well of course I ended up having to call to follow up.  He said, "oh yeah I got your message, we'll be out after 4:00 and I will text you when we're about an hour out."  Well absolutely no contact has been made.  I know things happen and pool companies are really busy right now, but SOME kind of communication would have been nice.  Pretty unprofessional in my opinion.  I would check out other places first before using them as obviously you'll have issues with communication.
Super frustrated and major fail by this Kneaders tonight.  After going back and forth with the clerk about how 8 $1 cookies does NOT add up to $14, they still charge us for 8 but only give 5.  I'm having a party tomorrow and needed 8...why can't people just do their jobs right??  #Kneadersfail
Would frequent the Alma School Rd and Warner Rd location at least twice a month, but very dissappointed my last 3 visits.  It's like they do not know how follow instructions.  Wrong salad dressings, no sauce on hot wings and when brought to their attention they just don't care.  Yesterday was the final straw!!  Went in, ordered pizza, wings and salad to go. Was told 20 minutes, so went next door to the Dollar store.  Went to pick up 20 minutes later and was told by the clerk that the pizza just went in the oven because they had to get the sausage from another store.  I requested the manager and the manager said they had meat it was just they were so busy.  I was the only one in the restaurant, he said they had a lot of deliveries.  Clerk lying + manager that doesn't apologize = me getting my money back.  There are plenty of pizza choices, and Barros will not be in my future.
O M G! Went to Montreal from Atlanta for work, coworker took us here and oh my goodness! I want one of everything now!!! I had the brownie with white chocolate brownie and caramel sauce and ice cream.. we all got something different. The plating was gorgeous. It was all so good.  The wait was long. It hey that's a good sign, means it's good and worth waiting for!! Those that live around there are very lucky! I will go again next visit up!
Oh wow.. this was a treat. I don't think there is anything you could order you wouldn't happy with. Impressive service and plating! The music was great, the atmosphere wonderful. The vibe wasn't to much but yet electric at the same time. Four of us from the office went (3 of us from Atlanta, GA) and really enjoyed this experience.
Absolutely top notch. Very impressive from the minute I got there via shuttle pick up. Was greeted by staff kindly and professionally and the breakfast buffet will start your day off right, I really enjoyed it. The room is quiet, clean, and just the right amount of space to relax. I was really very happy with this hotel and glad my company chose it.
brought in my own oil and filter.....time on receipt said 226 and was out at 229.....they charged me $46 to change my oil.......rough math, $460 an hour for labor, REALLY.......and thats with a credit!......NEVER again jiffy lube, NEVER....I feel like an elderly person that just had their life savings taken by a phone scam.....please people, go elsewhere or do it yourself, they're just changing the oil
The food is delicious, and they gave us cake and salmon Kama on the house!! Good day on the end of 2016.
Extremely rude staff and not helpful. Then man that works there would not give myself and my husband the time of day. There was a simple solution to our problem and he wouldn't help us. We ended up calling customer service on him and they talked us through the process and were very helpful. Sterling Jewelers should be ashamed they have such unprofessional, rude and not helpful staff memebers representing their company. This store needs to be retrained on proper customer service and remember that the customer is ALWAYS right!
I came in for an employment physical and PPD test and had a wonderful experience. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I was in and out; no waiting at all. The doctor was friendly and willing to answer general health questions. He spent a good amount of time with me, I didn't feel rushed or like he had something better to do. The place is very clean. Brand new facility. Would recommend going here for quick and reasonably priced physicals for school, work, sports, etc.
This is my favorite Dunkin location! The staff are very courteous and friendly. I go there almost every day and it is always a good experience. Recently, on my way to work I got my coffee and I realized it was not made correctly, but I had to get to work so I didn't go in to fix it. I went back 8 hours later and the staff gave me a new coffee free of charge without hassle. Going through this drive thru is my favorite part of my commute!
I go to this restaurant maybe once every 4 months with my grand father (he likes this restaurant) and it gets worse and worse every time I go there. But service is great.Go there if you win some $$$ there, otherwise I am pretty sure there are more excellent french restaurants in Vegas
So slow. I spent over 40 minutes in line, then my order was wrong & when I was handed my drink the lid was not on properly & spilled all over me. Instead of offering napkins the girl just shut the window & turned around. Horrible service.
They suck! Bad business, super late with delivery both times ive tried, delivery driver was very rude, the person answering the phone rushed me off the phone and kept hanging up. The food wasn't that great, ive had better in the area. I only added a star because it made me
horrible service!! they don't even bother to get you a drink! won't recommend to anyone
The people who run this salon are pleasant and professional. They do a great job! I usually get a gel manicure and regular pedicure. My pedicure lasts up to 3 weeks! They also have many nice color matches to choose from. They get right to work and get the job done quickly! Who has time to spend hours in the nail salon? I love this place!
I'd give it zero if I could.  Congrats on earning the lowest review I've given yet.Short review:Overpriced, mediocre food served with 125dB of hipsters. Long review:We visited with a party of 5 on a Sunday morning.Wait was only about 10 minutes.Pros:Our server was pretty nice (other than what's coming in the cons)Neutral:Don't come for the decor - it's a concreted box with some kitschy themed art and basic tables and chairs.If you like to eat while people stare at you as they wait for a table get seated at the "breakfast bar" just inside the door.Everything on the menu has 4 extra adjectives/adverbs.  We get it - your waffles are uh-may-zing. If your food is good it doesn't require superlatives.EDIT:I just looked at the photos up for this place - and that was NOT AT ALL what our food looked like.  It was tossed on a plate and tossed on our table - there was zero effort on presentation.Cons:This place is LOUD when full.  I'm talking you-better-have-a-pack-of-Halls-for-your-throat loud.  You have to scream at someone next to you - forget about talking to someone on the other end of the table.  2 people in my party barely spoke because it was, well impossible to be heard.  I will say that once a few tables of beards-and-chartreuse-bowling-shoes cleared out it got better.  But initially it was utterly ridic.The food is far over-priced for what you get.  For $8 I got a "red velvet" waffle - slightly larger than an "Eggo".  I was expecting something on the scale of Belgian waffle for $8 - NOPE.  It was accompanied by some large glop of what was billed as some sort of "whipped cream cheese topping" (as you might expect with red velvet).  It was essentially flavorless (as was the smallish clump of (what I assume was) butter)I ordered the "Mexican Coke Bacon" (actually, 2 orders for the table).  Seriously - f**k trying to be so g0dd@m hipster and just buy and serve decent bacon.  The slices of it that were edible were actually good - but 2 of the slices were PURE LARD.  Seriously - someone in the kitchen cooked and decided to serve 2 slices of fat.  And don't expect it crispy, oh no - that's so yesterday.  You'll get it limp and lukewarm and you'll like it.  And the cold plates used for serving insured that it (and everything else) assumed room temperature nearly instantly.Sadly - the bacon wasn't the largest atrocity to be placed on a plate in front of us.My friend also ordered a red velvet waffle. HOWEVER - in her mysterious glop of """whipped cream cheese topping""" was a bread twistie.Yes - they served her a piece of wire.Now - I suppose it is POSSIBLE that someone could scoop up a ladle of the mystery glop and NOT see that there's a F**KING 4 INCH PIECE OF WIRE IN IT - but I am dubious.  I seriously think someone simply did not care.And what did Hipster Flaps do about it?????  WE WERE COMPED A WHOLE TWO DOLLARS AND FIFTY CENTS.  For one of us nearly eating a piece of wire.No manager came over and said "boo".  The server was apologetic, but not to the degree that should have been appropriate.Fifty-four bucks (AFTER THE WHOLE $2.50 comp!!!) for 3 people, one of us nearly eating wire - and not even a nod from the person in charge.  EPIC FAIL.E P I CF A I LI hardly think my review will matter (based on all the other gushing over the amazing food) - the ironic glasses and ear-gauge crowd won't care, or will assume I simply don't "get it".  And that's fine by me - there's not a snowballs chance in hell that I'm ever gonna be back - so they can have it. The number of great breakfasts I could have had in Cleveland for this money is LARGE.Managerial staff / owner - if you happen to see this, and you actually happen to care - get a f**king clue on what is an appropriate response when you feed someone refuse.  Tossing someone the equivalent of RTA fare isn't it.And consider some sound deadening.
This would actually be a 2.5 stars from me - but the rest of my party had no issues.Pro:Nice place in a decent location.  Staff are extremely friendly and accommodating.Neutral:Not great for larger parties.  Don't accept reservations, but will take "phone ahead requests" - whatever that means.  We had a party of 8, and I'm guessing on a normal busy morning we'd have been split between 2 booths - as it happens, a similar party was just finishing up as we arrived. We got a corner booth and they added a couple of 2-tops right in line, seating us all just fine.Cons:While most everyone had a decent meal - mine was a disaster.  I ordered the corned beef hash - as did another in my party.  My feeling is that they did not realize there were TWO identical orders for hash - as my food arrived many minutes after everyone elses.  That was not a huge deal - what WAS a huge deal is that it was essentially raw.  Cold and the potatoes in it were crunchy. Further - the description on the menu lead me to believe it was "home-made" hash - what it actually was was Dinty Moore from a can - the typical fare of $1.99 breakfast greasy spoons.HOWEVER - when I told our server that it was uncooked - WITHOUT HESITATION she said it would come off the bill.Others in my party got the "eggs bruschetta" and that looked awesome (and was well received by the 3 that had it).  Another in our party had a monte cristo with sweet potato fries, and that looked excellent as well.Prices aren't outrageous, the coffee is decent. Just don't order the hash.The friendly staff is the saving grace at this place.  I'd give it another go based on that alone.
I so want to give this location 4 Stars but they've got some hurdles to overcome.  Consistency.El Patron is a local chain - the next closest location to me has been around a bit longer, and my experiences there have always been top-notch.  That's the location in Chardon.  The Middlefield store has been here a bit more than a year.The decor is simple, but adequate and clean.The menu is diverse, the dishes fairly traditional, and the portions adequate.  There is the occasional oddity - like the shrimp burrito that is tasty - except for the totally odd (and sadly unexpected) inclusion of BROCCOLI in it.  Yes - broccoli. In a burrito.One of my gauges for Mexican establishments is the salsa - this is inconsistency #1.  It's generally good - but there are days that it's kind of off.  One day it had a very strong taste of chili powder - not so good.The staff is incredibly authentic - too much sometimes. I've had a couple instances of mis-communication - as have other patrons in earshot. But the staff is quick to recover most times and fix things as required. Arguably, their English is better than my Spanish, but a couple times I've ended paying nearly double for my food because of lack of understanding (I ordered a $4 "a la carte" burrito and was served a $13 "dinner" burrito).One of my favorite dishes at El Patron Chardon is the queso fundito - a delightful mix of fresh cheese (queso fresca or "chihuahua cheese") on a platter sprinkled with chorizo and placed under a broiler, then served with tortillas. 50% of the time I get it here in Middlefield it comes out barely warmed through or with only a tiny hint of chorizo. At least once they've "run out" (???)The carnitas is excellent, but they don't tout it much on the menu.  I get an a la carte carnitas burrito and combine the contents with an order of quesso funditio - then wrap it & douse it in their excellent pico de gallo and my head nearly explodes from the flavor fiesta in my mouth.As odd as it sounds, this location has awesome club soda (my beverage of choice).  I am not sure on the drinks menu - I know they at least serve beer, so I'm adding that to the profile - but they may actually have a full-blown liquor license.The Middlefield store is in a "cursed location" - a piece of prime real estate right on Rt 87 that can't seem to get a decent restaurant to take hold.  I hope that El Patron overcomes its growing pains and is here for the long haul - this town SO needs another decent place to eat.  This past summer saw the installation of a "patio" - but the proximity to SR 87 and the Amish buggy parking (think: sweaty horses that have to go to the bathroom "somewhere") tell me that this was possibly a wasted effort - but I am sure the local factory lunch crowd will make good use of it in the mild months when taking a break from the grind.Overall - you should go. There's almost nowhere else in this town worth eating anyway.
Mary Yoder's is an OK place to dine.  It's likely more suited to groups or families - eating solo or with a friend puts the "family style" on the expensive side of the menu options.The food is simple but good. If  you want a generous open-face sammich with real mashed potatoes this is the place for you.  if you're looking for haute cuisine you're going to be disappointed. It's pricey, but you won't leave hungry. Be it by design or fate - the 3 or 4 times we've gone here this place has had some patrons of gargantuan proportion, one assumes drawn in by the promise of endless chow to slake their near bottomless appetites.If you're into ramming your face with huge quantities of mediocre food cooked and served in huge tubs than the breakfast buffet is for you - you can line up at the food-trough behind the barely adequate sneeze-guard with the other massive patrons of the buffet and go to town.  It's not for me. If it's not obvious I actually find it quite un-appetizing.The staff are friendly enough but don't be surprised if you find that you're a little lonely; and you can see "real live Amish in the wild". Once that novelty wears off you realize they're just like any other teenager doing a job they're not crazy about.Overall we don't come here often despite the fact that we're only a few miles away - after you get an entree with a salad and a soda it is, IMO, too pricey for what you get.  This biggest thing that Yoder's has going for it is the fact that the restaurants worth patronizing in this general area can be counted on one hand - even if you've had a horrible thrasher accident. There is bakery and other things to-go. Again, people seem to go ga-ga over Amish bakery, but I find it rather bland and dry - my mom made better pie crust.  Anyone can drop a can of pie filling in a Pillsbury pie crust and you'll be having nearly the same experience without the oppression of women or the horse crap caked in your wheel wells. The last piece of pie I got (blueberry) was merely a slice of jelly with a smattering of berries. Epic fail.Come for the experience - but don't set expectations too high and you'll leave happy enough.
Worst $60 meal I've ever had.Short opinion: stick to the pizzaLong opinion:I've gone to Bricco twice before with pleasant results.  I've had a couple pizzas there, as well as the veal parmigiana. Quite good, as is their presentation of a Caesar SaladToday Bricco jumped the shark.  It was HORRIBLE.We ordered an appetizer billed as Calamari with Peppers ($9).  What we got was a plate of sliced peppers dotted occasionally with a few bits of seriously undercooked calamari.  See it here:http://twitpic.com/k0wenOur entrees were the "Linguine with Shrimp and Alfreedo" ($14) and the "Seared Scallops and Shrimp with Apple-Bacon Risotto"  ($22)The linguine came in a decent Alfredo.. with THREE shrimp.  No lie. The Scallops and Shrimp were appalling - the sauce chosen for the seafood was a horrid combination with the risotto, and the risotto was uncooked in the middle and mush on the outside.  To top off this delightful combo I got a side of broccoli that was ALL BLACK all over the stems.  See it here:http://twitpic.com/k0xz2 (this photo barely shows the grossness of the broccoli)This ENTIRE meal should have been sent back to the kitchen.  I just hate to "be that person" - but in hindsight I really should have...Stick to the pizza - if I ever go back, that's all I'm risking.  This was FAR too much money for such poorly executed food...
Reviewers:If you go to a chain restaurant in an airport and expect it to be exactly like the rest of the chain you've already lost the game.
Danielle was the greatest her customer service was great. The Food was good i will be back for the service
The service was fine. The kitchen cooks are a mess. This place is highly expensive and the food came out cold. Too many menu selections to choose from. The cold sandwich was the only thing that came out right. As for the chocolate fondu with cheese cake, brownies and strawberries were amazing. Stick to the sweets.A $30.00 sucker...really?
I love love love this place!!!!  My go to: Spicy Eggplant with Beef, Red Curry, and Pad thai!   Also made fresh and fast
I suggest anyone who is looking for permanent makeup or microblading do their research first.  Sophia has been from salon to salon.  With 1 star reviews at each place.  Look at Laguna Spa.
My husband and I had our night out and everything was amazing until our cocktail waitress, Victoria, was so snobby and rude and made it where if we asked for a drink that we were bothering her.  We will not return until they find better waitresses.
i've endured living here for almost 3 dreadful years.  this is the definition of ghetto, from dogs off the leash to hoodrat kids throwing rocks in the street-- to top it off the apartment management has their priorities all wrong.  the worst i mean worst place to live.  i cannot wait to buy my house and that is the onky reason i am stuck here.  all of my neighbors hate living here as much as i do.
This is my first time reviewing a restaurant, and this is worth it to me because I have never experienced a service like this before, where I feel so welcomed, and having a smile on my face while eating! As mentioned from the other reviewers, this is indeed an authentic Japanese restaurant (The owner was previously from Tokyo), Japanese Fast Food-Ya! has their own charm to their place, the owner and the staff who work there are SO nice, customer service is high up there no doubt about it, because the owner actually takes his time and talks to his customers. Just like the other reviewers mentioned, the owner is very nice, and he always greets everyone with a smile, you can see this guy is passionate about his business and making sure his customers enjoy their stay at his restaurant. The food, wow it is delicious, takyoyaki balls are fantastic, the temperature is kept so well in the balls, when you take a bite of it, it feels so fluffy on the inside but crispy on the outside, it is so well balanced. The ramen was fantastic, the broth is well made, and I seriously had a food coma after this, really enjoyed their food. They also added a poutine of their own, with a Japanese touch to it.This is a HIDDEN GEM, and I hope everyone else will discover this place, it is so worth dropping by to enjoy an affordable, yet delicious meal!
Just walking in the front door, the sidewalk is black with grease being tracked out.  Inside, the lights above the tables are dirty - lint hanging.  French fries on the floor and carpet and partition tops could use a cleaning.  Cobwebs on the walls.  Yuck.  Could not find one clean table and when I asked to have one cleaned, the water left on the table was unbearable.  I cleaned the table with a few napkins.  Burger was okay but with 2 of us dining on 2 burgers, 1 onion ring and a couple of iced teas for $22, I wasn't impressed at all.  Cooks behind the swinging door with window drinking as they are cooking (is that allowed?).  Seems teenagers are running the store and doing a poor job of it.  Won't be back.
Desert Rose is a gem in downtown Glendale.  The vibe in this place is fantastic.  We have visited several times and have been completely satisfied with food and great service.  Our waiter, Nick, was exceptional in customer service.  Friendly, professional, caring staff who are very attentive.  On each visit, we have enjoyed quality dishes prepared perfectly.  Appetizers are to die for.  You can sit inside, outside on the spacious patio, or visit the cigar bar.  There is plenty to do for any age with activities throughout the huge outdoor area.  A must visit.
Delicious!!!  I love Indian food (actually I love most food), but I don't do very well with really spicy foods.  Hubs and I found this place on Grub Hub and thought "what the heck, we'll give it a whirl."  And once we started, we can't stop.  We order from this place nearly every week!  Everything we've ordered has been absolute perfection.  We can specify the level of spiciness (so I don't die) and the only, and let me emphasize ONLY, downfall is there is a bit of a wait for the food.  But, it's so worth it that it doesn't even warrant subtracting half a star.  :)We've tried many menu items, but our favorite is the Palak Paneer.  Most places you have to really dig to find those yummy little cheese cubes.  Not here!  This is stuffed to overflowing with fantastic little bites.  Also, the cucumber sauce is to die for! I could eat that cold and plain as a soup almost!  In fact, I did one night.The restaurant is small, but always very clean and the owner/staff have always been super-friendly.  This place is a little gem in Chandler and I will definitely be back for more!
Still 5 stars!  We recently stopped in to see about getting a cue ball for our quarter table, and Rusty happened to have an Arizona Cardinals pub table and 2 stools for sale.  We'd been looking for one for a while, and there it was just begging to be purchased.  Rusty and Steve were able to get us a killer price and we walked out the door happy campers yet again.  This is a great store with super cool employees who are ready to help you create the game room of your dreams.
Yuck!  For a place this crowded, I had thought it would be better.  We got one of the Negro Nitron beers.  SOUR and unappealing.  Then we tried a Gordo Stout, hoping it might be somewhat guiness-like in nature.  This too was sour.  Finally, I went with an old standby, Mr. Pineapple, which I normally like.  I don't know if this was a bad batch or what, but all I could taste was fermented orange juice.  The margharita pizza had way too much cheese.... instead of being light and delicate it was heavy and too filling. The pretzels were amazing, but not amazing enough to give it a higher rating.  The other completely annoying thing is that they have way too many chairs and tables crammed into that space.  The wait staff and the customers cannot walk through without bumping seated patrons constantly or knocking women's purses off the backs of their chairs.  All around disappointing.  Won't be back.
The family loves this place!  We stop in for shakes after a good solid workout at Sitan Gym, which is next door.  The strawberry banana shakes or the peach mango shakes are the bomb!  There are all kinds of add-ins that are reasonably priced, and the shakes are reasonably priced too!  You  could go to McDonald's and spend 6.00 on food that's totally unhealthy, but I'd rather spend that 6.00 on a great shake and put good quality things in my body.  The staff seems knowledgeable and always friendly.  They have a selection of cold drinks too near the front.  My kids love to grab a Gatorade after a workout.  Great place!
Wow.  If it was possible to give a place negative stars, I would have.  I purchased a gift certificate for this restaurant on restaurant.com.  My husband and I took our three small children there on Saturday night.  The hostess looked annoyed that she had to seat us.  Once at the table, three waiters passed us by without asking what we wanted to drink, etc.  Once we had been there for about 6 minutes, a bus boy brought us some salsa.  He asked if we knew about the salsa and I said no, we hadn't eaten there in years.  His response was "oh it's the same" which didn't explain anything at all.  We continued to sit for another 10 minutes or so, with no drinks, and thirsty children as waiter after waiter passed us by.  The table that got seated 30 seconds before us got their food and we still hadn't been served even a glass of water.  At this point, we left.  On my way out, I decided I should talk to a manager.  The bartender got him for me.  As he was coming to the front, he refused to make eye contact with me, and actually passed me right by and was chatting with the hostess at the station.  When I said "excuse me!" he turned and said "yeah."  I explained to him what happened and that we were leaving and his response was to turn to me, gesture to the restaurant and say "the restaurant is full, you think you make a difference?  I have never been so insulted in my life.  I would never return to this restaurant, and I would never ever recommend it to anyone.  What a disaster.  The customer sevice sucks, the manager is an ass, and the entire experience was a total joke.
This is such an awesome gym!  The whole family loves coming here.  It's totally convenient to have the kids classes at the same time as the adults, so the whole family can go and you don't have to worry about daycare, etc.  The gym is super clean and well maintained.  The instructors are all wonderful and very patient with beginners. It's obvious that everyone there loves what they do.  They are all very knowledgeable and ready to help.  I've never worked so hard in my life, and I never thought I'd fall in love with Muay Thai, but I'm totally hooked!  If you've been waiting to try something like this, stop waiting and get to Sitan Gym!  You definitely won't regret it!
Scottsdale "Cockroach" woods resort would be more like it.  Seriously people, for what you're charging and the "resort fee" on top of the whole thing, do you think you could invest just a smidge in pest control?!?  I've never seen so many cockroaches in my life.  And I'm talking like small kindergartener-sized roaches.  Sitting in the hot tub (which was scalding hot) and watching a water bottle sized roach wander by, I wasn't sure whether to kill it or take it home as a pet an name it "Papa".    There were never any towels at the pool, and the staff at the pool bar told us it was because people take them back to their rooms.  Well, fantastic.  Get some more and bring them out here please.  The whole place needs a facelift in a major way.  The TVs in the rooms are the old bubble-screen jobs, the carpeting was so disgusting that I refused to take my shoes off the entire time I was there, and they haven't even updated to the curved shower curtain rods, so if you do decide to shower and you weigh more than 85 pounds part of you is going to either touch that nasty curtain or the nasty shower wall.  There was also a major ant problem in the mini-bar area and the mini fridge never did get cold.  On the upside, the staff people were all very nice, if somewhat slow/disinterested.  The pool area was at  least clean (except for the roaches), and the grounds were very cute.  Lots of nice green grass and well-maintained trees/bushes.   The positives, however, are not nearly enough to outweigh the negatives, and until this place makes some MAJOR renovations and invests heavily in some pest control, I will not be spending my hard-earned money here again.
I love this shop!  All of the artists are extremely talented and full of personality.  I got a piece across my shoulders a couple years ago from a guest artist there, and had wanted to go back ever since.  I recently met up with Chipp and asked him to design a phoenix for me.  I went in on Friday last week and started the piece.  Not only did Chipp do an amazing design, he made the entire experience fun for me.  Carlos, Dyonna, Rod, Chipp, everyone in the shop was amazing.  My husband has had Rod tattoo him before, and is going back for another piece.  We've both referred multiple friends who are also ecstatic with the tattoos they've gotten here.  I can't say enough about this place.  Talented, professional, fun...  Just an all-around A+++ experience and I can't wait to go back for more.
This place went from great to HORRIFIC! As soon as they combined with ghetto Frys from Alma and Warner, it all went downhill. Luz in the deli has the personality of a half-dried snail. If the woman smiled it just might kill her. And the pharmacy.... do not get me started on the absolute idiots that unfortunately run that place. They keyed in my husband's insulin prescription incorrectly so the insurance denied it. Then, after making me spend MY time fixing it, they said it was ready to pick up Friday. When we arrived on Sunday it took the OVER 10 minutes to get a pre-boxed box out of the refrigerator. Old people fuck faster than that! Switching ALL my scripts to CVS and all my shopping to SAFEWAY. Toodleloo muthafuckers! After 8 years, y'all can kiss my ass.
Absolutely delicious food completely outdone by the most disturbingly disgusting interior ever!  I've always eaten outside before, and had I never done inside, this would have been a five-star review.  However, the last time I went,  it was so hot out that we decided to eat inside.  I sat at the bar area where you could see the kitchen.  The floor appears to have NEVER been cleaned, there was garbage everywhere, and I watched employees scraping food leftovers, crumbs, etc. onto the floor and leaving it there.  I also observed an employee with bare hands reach into a bucket that was setting on a cart and toss a handful of some kind of meat from the bucket onto a salad.  The bucket was not refrigerated and had sat there for who knows how long.  I was so appalled that not only did we not order any food, we actually left our alcohol behind.  The glass ware was dirty, the silverware was filthy, and the place was just an outright mess.  I have to give 2 stars at least because I know the food tastes really good, but I'd never be able to eat here again after seeing these conditions.  The owner should be seriously ashamed.
Love this place!  Arley has done my hair twice now.  She does a fantastic job!  She takes her time and you can tell she really cares about her customers.  I will definitely keep coming back.  Prices are great and the salon offers you water or soda too.
This is the perfect place to go if you want to ruin your vision. First, they are dishonest about their prices, and the back room lady tries to force you into unnecessary exams at an additional cost by lying to you about the need to have them. She has the bedside manner of a skunk. Then there's Dr. "I don't know" who comes in and jacks around for a while, dilates your eyes for no reason so you can be miserable all day, and finishes with more I don't knows and then writes a prescription for you, whether you needed one or not. Then you get handed off to pushy sales people more interested in their pocketbook than anything else. What a joke! And if you have any special problems, such as diabetes, be prepared for additional BS.  Basically, we paid to have a bunch of people tell us absolutely nothing and try to force us into glasses with no valid reason why, especially since none of the lenses they set in front of my husbands eyes did anything to improve his vision. Cheap, worthless, rude, over-priced hacks! Save your eyes, go somewhere else!!!
Stay away!  This place is awful.  We came home from a camping trip to the A/C being out and not being able to stay in our home, so we came here for a night.  The room smelled stale and gross, and was poorly lit.  We could not control the temperature in the room and I doubt it cooled off below 85 degrees in there (not much of an improvement to the house!).  There were 2 queen beds and we requested a roll-away since we were there with our three children.  Knowing that we had 5 people in our party, we were still only provided with 3 towels and 2 washcloths in the room.  The dcor, the furniture and the paint are all in SEVERE need of an update.My husband and I thought we'd go down to the pool to help cool off.  WRONG!  the pool area was filthy dirty.  There were dirty pool towels laying about, but no clean pool towels available for us to use.  The pool had some sort of film over it and the water was filled with all sorts of "floaties."  The bottom of the pool was also filthy.  We tried to stick our feet in the hot tub instead, but that was also equally filthy.  The grounds were poorly kept, the trees and shrubs appear to be dying and no one has swept any of the walkways for what appears to be months.  This morning, the "free" breakfast was burnt, dried out sausage patties, completely undercooked eggs, and stale potatoes.  Went to work this morning hungry, exhausted, and extremely disappointed.  Would never stay here again and would not recommend anyone else say here either.  Filthy, old, unkempt mess.
Hopped on the light rail (first time ever) with the kiddos and the hubby, and stopped downtown to find a place to eat.  After a little bit of wandering, we ended up here.  I have to say, I'm a sucker for Irish pubs.  I practically live at Fibber Magees after all.I'll start with the good:  The waitress was adorable and attentive.  We never had empty glasses, and the food was served promptly.  The steak and Guinness boxty was amazing, and the Jamison's cake was to die for!  The kids meal quesadilla was big enough to feed 2 kids (mine are 5 and 6 and HUGE eaters) which was good since it was 6..75! The bowl of soup was reasonably priced at 4.95, and the bowl was big!Now for the not so good:  Kind of a hole-in-the-wall.  It could most definitely use some updating.  Every table/chair in the place looked well-worn and some had flat out holes and large rips.  The Guinness was pretty pricey at $6.00, and served in the same glass as the water and iced tea.  The thing that got me the most was the fact that you have to go up and entire flight of stairs to use the restroom!  Now, I'm not the world's most coordinated person, and there's a reason I don't really wear heels anymore, but all I could think of was how many ladies out there wear those crazy 5" shoes and how easy it would be to have one drink too many and fall down the stairs on your way back from the bathroom!  Also, when you have small children, that's a danger as well.  And if your small children are like mine, then you can't visit any establishment EVER without using the bathrooms!All in all, we had a nice time here, the food was good, and the waitress was cool.  Nothing super-special that would demand I return immediately, but nothing so bad that I'd never come back either.  This place is A-OK!
Amazing!  I'm not going to lie, I'm not a salad girl.  I've never liked it and had a hard time wanting to eat it.  Then a co-worker convinced me to get lunch here one day.  I've not only gone back repeatedly, but I've gotten my husband and children into it as well, and have recommended it to many family members and friends.  My husband is diabetic, and it's so nice to have a place to go where I don't worry about what he's ordering.  The Caesar salad with the light dressing and the shrimp is something I actually crave now.  Everything I've tried has been wonderful.  The ONLY downfall is that there is just the one location.  It's kind of far from my work so I don't get to grab lunch from here very often.  Other than that, this place is totally awesome!
Fibber Magees is the best place to spend a Sunday afternoon. Kenny is behind the bar today and he is awesome! He seems to remember every customer by name and takes the time to make everyone feel acknowledged. He also makes an amazing bloody Mary. This is my favorite place to grab a drink and relax. BJ and Kenny are the biggest part of that. You can get a drink anywhere, but the personality these two bring is priceless.
Holy Cheesus!  If you want to leave somewhere having gained 8 pounds and feeling totally greasy and bloated, this is your place.  Took the fam here on Sunday afternoon to grab some appetizers and drinks.  Let me start by saying that none of the issues I have surrounding my visit have anything to do with the staff.  Our waitress was a sweeheart and the other waitresses were also attentive to us, even though they weren't our main waitress.  Our drinks were kept full at all times, and we were asked if we wanted refills on alcohol before the first drink ran out completely.  So, if I could give stars for the staff only, it would be a 5.  However, the staff being so great is completely outdone by the craptasticness of the food.  We got a 1/2 order of the Italian Nachos (gag!) and the Little Willies (Philly cheesesteak eggrolls).  Now, normally, I like nachos and I like Italian food, so these sounded great.  But, when they arrived at the table, they had what appeared to be about 2 pounds of cheese and grease smothering them.  The chips were soggy, the marinara sauce was a greasy disaster, and the sausage was downright disgusting.  Also, cheese is great on Nachos, but less than 1/2 the amount would have been perfect.  I honestly have never seen so much cheese in my life.  The Little Willies were also a greasy cheesy nightmare.  The cheese sause for dipping was literally a bowl of Cheese Whiz, and the eggrolls themselves were stuffed with cheese.  If you're going to provide cheese for dipping sauce, it would be soooo much better to not stuff the rolls themselves with cheese too.  We didn't finish any of the food, and ordered a lot less alcohol than normal because we were so stuffed with greasy fatty cheese.  We most likely won't be back, which is a shame, because our waitress really was fantastic.  Unfortunately, I would not recommend this place at all.
Started taking all three of my children here.  Dr. Zamani is AMAZING!  This man is wonderful with children, and definitely took the time to answer all of our questions.  We've also seen Dr. Williams-Vaughn and found her to be witty, and engaging.  Both Doctors are easy to talk to, clearly care about their patients, and took the time to make me feel comfortable as a mom.  We haven't had to wait long any of the times we've been in, the front office staff is always cheerful, and the ladies in the back are sweet and gentle with kids too.  They are awesome about calling in prescriptions for us as well, and even got me a referral for a surgeon today in less than 6 hours.  Please keep up the amazing work, it's so nice to finally have found a place we can trust!
Depending on what impress you, if you are more impressed by size thats a definite place to go :)   Quality and the price are adjusted and it has a better ambiance than lot of other places.
The food was good. We had the onyx 1 including Barg, Koobideh and Jooje among them Barg was the best. We also had Kashke Bademjoon as appetizer which was really tasty. The place is cozy but clean and calm.
This review is gonna be short and (not so) sweet, hubby read the GREAT reviews of this place and thought it would be a nice place to get some ice cream. We went there this evening, 5/23/15. The ice cream was mediocre, hence the ONE star. The service? F*CKING ABYSMAL. Was barely greeted, felt like I was inconveniencing the woman behind the counter. I'm a Vegas local.  Word to the owners, managers of this establishment: don't piss off the locals, the power of our word of mouth is staggering. You can BET we won't be going back, nor will we recommend this Popsicle stand to anyone either.
I like Boba Tea. I really want to like this location as it it convenient. I always order watermelon/raspberry Slushie thing with boba. There is no consistency. Sometimes there's too much boba, other times almost none. And can we mention the staff...the older women who work there are crabby old Chinese women. I always feel as though I am an I position on them when I walk in. I would give this locale 2 stars except that I live in hope for improvement and they're right next to Yummy Grill Sushi & Nothing Bundt Cakes.
Deliciousness, nutritiousness, and and abundance of yummy goodness. My favorite item on the menu is the spicy veggie juice. Every time I get it I instantly feel better. I also really love the super smoothies with either the fruit or granola. Everything at Go Raw is delightful and fresh and organic. Try it. You will feel so much healthier!! Well, what are you waiting for??? GO!!!
I like this location and I find the team there inviting and friendly.  I ordered my drink and the young lady brought it to my table.  The only thing that prevents me form giving it a 5 star rating is the WiFi set-up.  You have to ask for a login and code.  They should do what Starbucks does, you must agree to terms and conditions.  But that is the ONLY negative for this location, and in the great scheme of things it is minute. I go here when ever I am on this side of town.
Love this office, love the staff, love Dr. Dettlaf. We never waited more than 10 minutes in the waiting room and when my daughter needed to have 3 teeth extracted they scheduled her immediately and the doctor took care of her right away. Highly recommend!
Excellent food. Outstanding service. Our server Maria was awesome. The manager, Melanie, is fantastic and on top of everything. And the food?? Freaking awesome. We will so be back!!!
Love House of Smokes! Great selection, friendly & knowledgable staff, one of my favorite stores to go to!
FANTASTIC, AMAZING, AWESOME!  Right now the is dark, but I had the chance to see La Reve prior to it going dark for changes.  What a privilege.  The performers are stupendous.  I may be biased because I know several of the performers, but this show is worth EVERY PENNY!  Great fro kids over 10.  See it the next time you're here in Sin City!
Update: just came from having lunch here. In short, nothing special. This pizza I can get anywhere. Skimpy on the onions and they weren't even chopped up. Almost choked. Super sad, used to be great. Closest thing to NYC pizza this valley had. Not great anymore. Same mediocre Las Vegas pizza. Update: place has been sold and is under new management. Not great. Service was friendly enough, but the pizza? Not great. There's something different about it. And not in a good way. Won't be going back for a while. Only place I will go for pizza in the entire valley!! Pizza is consistently good. Service is beyond amazing and friendly. Brings me back to NY and my childhood!
As the weather is getting warmer here in Vegas, the time has come to don sandals, flip flops, and open toed shoes in general. Hence a pedicure is MANDATORY!! Since I typically get this sort of thing done on the south side of town I turned to Yelp for some assistance. As usual, Yelp doesn't disappoint. This salon was only 2 minutes from my home and that makes it convenient. I opted for the deluxe pedicure ($35) which includes a sea salt exfoliation, deep moisturizing and a hot towel treatment. Not bad. Wish there had been more of a massage. Ah well. It was my first visit here, so let's see how long the pedi lasts. It was a little spendy, so I hope it lasts a few weeks at least.
We had been wanting to try this place for a while & I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered online, which is a huge convenience for me. The restaurant called to verify the ENTIRE order!! I got my food delivered in about 35 minutes. Big yay! The food was hot, tasty and there is enough for us to have supper later. They even have is free CAKE!! I only give 4 out of 5 because the Thai tea is not as sweet as I would like. But....that will not preclude me from ordering from here again.
This is an edit/update since my review last week. It was a head over heals different experience. The food was excellent. The service was wonderful. Thank you for restoring my faith back In this establishment.  I will be back. I will tell friends to go. The roasted red pepper hummas is a new fave! I will be coming back for that. Next time I'm going to try the raw nachos. They sound delightful!!So. Not. Impressed. For $20 bucks I don't  expect my food to be tossed in a bag and my drink to be forgotten about.
My husband has been coming to see Erik since they opened. And I have been remiss about yelping about this establishment. I love this salon. Erik has a gift for hair and always makes my hubby look fabulous, right down to the manscaping!! He did such a great job on the hubby that I had Erik cut my hair too (about 6 weeks ago). Love it. It's healthy and bouncy and it looks good either curly or straight. I'm super happy.  And that's saying something. I will go back, hubby was just there this past Saturday and looks amazing. Great location and price!!!
Let me just start off by saying: I have never had a great experience with any pest control companies here in the Valley. My husband and I were hit with a HUGE ant infestation. So I started calling different companies. All of the companies I called were on Yelp. Stop Buggin answered their phone right away. No message. Brendan was personable and friendly over the phone and we made an appointment. Brendan was on time. A big thing with me. He was very thorough. He happily explained everything to my husband. I have never had an experience like this before. Take it from the picky girl from the Bronx...Stop Buggin is the ONLY Pest Control Company here in the Valley that I will ever use.
Oh. My. Goddess. First Friday in October. We were the last people in line cause they ran out of food. I can see why. I got the burnt ends burrito with slaw, duck fat furies, a delectable aioli all in a tortilla. This is one of the greatest things I have ever eaten. Every aspect was perfect and the melding of all the flavors was stupendous. And it was my birthday too. This food truck produces magick. Can't wait to try the torta!!
Can we just start off by saying how FRIENDLY the staff is? I ordered the eggs Benedict. Hollandaise made to order?? It was perfect. Eggs were poached perfectly. The ham was a little thick for my taste, but not worth taking "points" off for everything else. The Hubbster got the Rueben omelet. Delightful in all ways. The Bagel. OMG. Friggin perfect. When toasted it was crunchy on the outside and warm and chewy on the inside. Bagelmania is now my go to for bagels and lox. FANTASTICKA!!
So, I had some time to kill between appointments.  I decided that since it was warmer weather out it was time to get a mani/pedi. Love Nails is amazing!! I waited for only 5 minutes. The ladies there are very friendly too. I opted for the mani/pedi special for $49,95. Worth every penny. Jin was the woman who took care of me and she is who I will be going back to see. She took her time, but was expedient at the se time. And the massage...totally worth it. These ladies know their stuff and how to make customers happy and want to return. Thank you, thank you!!!
I had been looking forward for this spot to open and I have not been disappointed. I find the space warms and inviting and feel as though I am in a small eatery in Mexico. My husband ordered the Torta Pierna. He found it had a nice kick and was more sandwich than he was expecting, but the taste was so delightful he finished it in spite of being full. I ordered the chicken taco special. I found this dish good, but a wee bit on the bland side. I have had the single taco as well with the mole and limes. It's the first item on the menu, the name is escaping me, I apologize. But THAT is fantastic. All they need to do is spice up the food and kick it up a notch or two and this could be a nifty little gem here in the valley. OH! They have real Coke, in bottles, made with sugar! Hey, I was excited.
I love these guys. They are helpful and courteous. I have been coming to this location since it opened and I have always had excellent service here. The prices are reasonable and its conveniently located right in Silverado Ranch.
They have Whole Foods, Borders, Lucky Brand Jeans and Sephora.  It's a nice place to go in the evening and Brio has a very nice happy hour.  Don't go here on a Friday or Saturday night during summer or school vacation.  It becomes over run with rude local teenagers from ALL over the Las Vegas valley, and the Town Square security is a joke. I do love the H&M too. Good deals considering the location.
This is gonna be short & sweet...The Positives:The chicken is great, which is good because that's what Cane's is known for. The sauce is pretty good too. And I do enjoy the "toast" (half of a New England style hotdog bun), when it's warm. The Negatives:The fries are soggy, ergo under cooked. The slaw is runny, and as another Yelper stated, bland as hell. And it seems to be the only available side other than the aforementioned soggy fries. The fact that you have to pay extra for those sauce is ridiculous. I'm buying a meal, gimme some extra sauce for pity's sake, what does it cost? Pennies? In short, go there for the chicken, that's it. Maybe the toast of you hit them in a good day...but pass on everything else.
Food: FAN-F*CKING-TASTIC!!!Service: AH-maxing!Location: Perfect. As per the suggestion of many, many friends I finally tried this place. And because I live around the corner. It's a little spendy, but totally worth it. We got the pad Thai and the pork fried rice. No the dishes were cooked to perfection and there were left overs. Told the hubbster we need to go in and sit down to eat, as the atmosphere was lovely. I will be coming here on a very regular basis. Can't wait to try the duck curry next!!
UPDATED REVIEW: So, hubby and I went back to Lucille's. Oh. Em. Gee. This was a completely different dining experience than the previous one. And reminiscent to experiences of the past, prior to the visit that sparked the first review. But I digress...We were seated immediately by a lovely young man a the host(ess) station. Our server, Claudia, was there at our table  mere moments after were seated, taking our drink order and offering us complimentary biscuits and apple butter (YUM!!). When Claudia returned with our drinks we were ready to order. As we were in the mood for a nosh, we stuck to the appetizer menu. We ordered the sliders, tritip bites, fried pickles and the hand/homemade BBQ chips. One word: DELISH!! Unlike the previous visit when the food was cold, ALL of our food was piping hot. Perfect. The beef was succulent, the sliders was seasoned well and portioned perfectly. Fried dill pickles are an acquired taste, very southern. I LOVED them. All in all this was a lovely visit. We will be returning, just not on a Saturday night. I think that that crew takes being busy for granted and as a reason to be lax on customer service. Claudia was DA BOMB!!! An excellent server who is attentive to her guests is an invaluable team member. She was just that. All in all everyone whom we came in contact during this visit was a delight. All of the food came out at the same time so that we could share. There was no waiting for anything.  Nice visit. Great food. Will be back. Let me start off by saying that I have been coming here with my family since Lucille's opened at The District. We would comeFor birthdays, anniversaries, major school accomplishments were celebrated at Lucille's. Why? The food was excellent, the service was warm and friendly, end of story. So, what changed? I have no idea. But all I can say is that my visit on 2/21/2015 will be my last. While we were seated quickly, it took TEN MINUTES before someone even approached us to see if we had been taken care of, and might I add, while we were waiting the child at the table next to us kept making faces at us. Oy. When finally approached, we gave this person our ENTIRE order. At this point my husband and I had had enough of the child next to us with the oblivious parents, so my husband, quietly, approached a server and asked if we could be moved. After 5 minutes we were accommodated and seated in the bar area. Our former server personally handed us off to our new server. And then we waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. At this point we are at the 25 minute mark from when we MOVED. No one came back to our table to check on us, to see if we wanted another cocktail. So I went and sought out a manager. After another 10 minutes the food came. Then a manager appeared. Needless to say she was useless. While we were clear that we were not asking for anything to be comped she didn't offer anything up except a half assed apology. Her listening skills leave much to be desired and stop defending poor service. And now the food...in a word: AWFUL. I ordered the tri-tip salad. The beef was like shoe leather. And cold. In edible. My husband got the jambalaya. A dish he has had here many times before. He barely touched it. The appetizers were mediocre. I had a half order of fried green tomatoes. They were soggy and the sauce was coagulated on the plate. Gross. And the kicker? It took less time to walk to our car and drive HOME than it did to get our food at our table. I'm a local, and you can bet I will be telling people not to come here. And if I could give zero stars I would. Below sub-par. Very disappointing. Very sad.
Don't bother. Food was served cold & had to be sent back. Hummas made me sick and the Riesling was questionable. Seriously, don't eat here. Parsley or Yanni's would be better choices.
Oasis one of the best medical dispensaries in the valley. The Budtenders are friendly and knowledgeable. The wait is never more than 10-15 minutes. The deals are always stellar. Kama, Morgan, and all the budtenders are amazing. Go to Oasis. You won't be disappointed and you'll rave happy.
Sorry but unless you have lots of time to spare go elsewhere.   It's our 4th time dining here and still have to wait forever for food and this was breakfast.   Yes they were busy but I've dined many Sunday mornings where they are just as busy and I didnt wait 30-40 min for eggs and ham. Witnessed two tables leave after placing food order that couldn't wait for food.  Children get very impatient after 20 min waiting for table then another 30 plus minutes after order taken.  We've had this experience every time and we kept thinking they'd work out the kinks but not happening.  Signage Breakfast Joynt open finally, could be kitchen motto " Food ready finally. ". We had no children with us but I felt for those that did.
This was perfect for a seven and three year old.  They enjoyed the hands on touching of some of the reptiles and seeing the sharks and sting rays get fed. Easy parking, and reasonably priced.
The food is very good.  Service is beyond expectations.  We always visit when we visit the grandkids.  We live in Phoenix and so enjoy this restaurant.  Always busy but very accommodating.
This harkins has some terrific movies.  They play the smaller limited release films as well as the big ones. Only reduced to three stars because it has a musty smell.  You'd think this theater was built on a  swamp.  Don't understand in the desert.  But I find myself noticing the smell while watching the movie.  I love Harkins but this one needs a dehumidifier.
I purchased groupon and was  completely happy with  my lash extensions.   Erica did an amazing job.  Had a fill three weeks later and I am still completely satisfied.  Would highly recommend.  The salon is clean and professional   Great experience
The breakfast are great here.  They will do substitutions with a smile. Always consistently good.  This was our favorite breakfast place but they did an industrial remodel that looks great and is very trendy but impossible to hear each other if you want to have a conversation.  If you can sit on the patio it is better.  Would have been. 5 stars before the remodel.
Used to eat here often when I worked in the area and it was consistently good.  Today we stopped for ouch with friends and it didn't disappoint.  Great food and Alexis did a good job serving answering any questions.  Highly recommend   Always satisfied with service and food.  Reasonable prices and has a nice happy hour as well. Enjoy.  Bon appetite
I normally do our taxes, but for 2016 it looked like we would owe $3000.00. I was just sick to my stomach. It was time to get help. I started with Yelp and went down the list. Andra The Tax Lady, stood out to me. With much anxiety, I called Andra and my husband and I went to her office. In less the an hour I was in tears. Tears of joy. We didn't have to pay $3000.00 and in fact, we got money back. Andra is a life saver. Please do not hesitate to go to Andra The Tax Lady for your tax needs.
Love taking my poms here. She does an amazing job grooming them, and was my 9th try to find a groomer I liked in the area. She doesn't cage the dogs there unless they are aggressive so my girls get a grooming and a play date all in one. No idea why it thinks I am in Kansas but in the Phoenix Glendale area The crazy dog lady is the best.
This area of Willoughby is great. The atmosphere of both the neighborhood n restaurant are very trendy. The restaurant was crowded but not packed. I recommend reservations or getting there past 7. It seems that the restaurant has more tables than the staff  can handle. I'm not sure they'd be able to handle full capacity. They have their own beers, but our server wasn't very knowledgeable on the beers. She didn't even offer a sampling. She told us the specials, but didn't give details of the items. ie, my mom ordered the shrimp basket, only to find out after getting it ,that it was spicy. Overall the food was good and reasonably priced.
Loved this place!! My husband and I stayed for 5 nights in March.  We loved the decor of the lobby so cheerful and relaxing. No problems at all with check in.Room: was awesome . great bed, electronic gadets for the shades and lights, the bathroom is great.  nice shower and huge tub. they have nice gel,shampoo,and other lotions and such ( they are lemon scent and the gel makes great bubblebath) the tub fills up so fast and is huge.  they  have a great blow dryer and scale and even a tv in room.Nice robes too but they are small , didn't fit me .  don't touch mini bar toooo expensive. we were only on 6th floor so our view wasn't great but windows were huge.The furniture is leather and really comfy. The chairs were kinda small but hey thats not the wynns fault that I didn't fit in them.  I do admit I could hear the music from the nightclub like some other reviews have mentioned but really it is not going to keep you awake or anything.  Location: is great. It is a little bit of a walk to center of strip but its okay . you can always take the deuce  bus.  It is quieter then if you stay down around harrahs and much calmer crowd near the wynn.  The mall is across the street which is nice if you need anything or you can go to food court for quick cheap lunch.  Pool: pool and hottub was awesome. It is really big  with lots of chairs . They give you a towel and water for free. They have wait service for drinks to which was so cool.The gym is huge with really good up to date equipment. You can get water and fruit if  you work out there.  Resturants:  We didn't get to eat at any the resturants so can't really comment. They are expensive and some require formal wear.Shops:  oh my ,,have a lot of money if you want to buy anything in the shops.We had a great time in las vegas and at the wynn.  Must go to Freemont Street in the evening the light show is neat and there are some crazy people down there and the zip line runs over the street.
Went here for birthday dinner with my fiancee and his family. We tried many of the things on the menu and they were all amazing! The jerk chicken was delicious, the Pull Up Selecta was a ton of food (they say it's for 2 it can easily feed 3) and everything in it was great. Also loved the cheesy co co fries app. The service was also friendly and helpful. This place is a hidden gem!
I purchased both my own dress and my bridesmaids dresses at Avenue 22 for my August 2016 wedding and had a great experiences with all of the purchases. My dress was absolutely perfect, it looked stunning and was actually so comfortable I didn't want to take it off. The customer service I received when buying my dress made me feel special and unique and not just like another bride they're trying to get in and out. With both my dress choice and the bridesmaids dresses, I was given lots of great advice and suggestions. We also got tons of compliments on the colour and style of the bridesmaid dresses. Will happily recommend Avenue 22 to any friends getting married!
Super unimpressed with my last visit to Cozy. I booked two shellac manicures as a birthday present for a friend. When we arrived, they seated us at the bar and said that they could start working on one of us and the other would be done soon. I let my friend go first and then proceeded to WAIT FOR TWENTY MINUTES without an explanation from them. When they finally started on my nails they did a rush job on the shellac (and subsequently it only lasted one week). When I politely complained at the cash, they refused to give me a discount or apologize saying "It shouldn't have to come out of the girl's pay." No it shouldn't, shotty service is something the management should cover. They gave me a card to come back for a toe polish change ($12 value) but I don't really have a desire to go back there.
I have been a Mountainside Fitness member since August.  I visit three locations:  Shea, Pavilion and Desert Ridge.  I am really pleased with the instructors, love all the classes offered. I am puzzled about the use of the sauna/steam room.  Why do women use the sauna wearing sweaty clothes, nasty tennis shoes and using phones the entire time.  Do these women understand how to use a sauna/steam room?  I even saw a women going into the steam room fully dressed.  The rules are posted, but ignored.  Even if rules were not posted, they should understand how to use a sauna/steam room.  Do they realize they are spreading germs.   I contacted Desert Ridge management with no results.   Because of this bad and unhealthy practice, I no longer use the sauna/steam room.
My husband and I are visiting the area for some spring training. I found this hidden spot on yelp the first morning of our trip and it was so delicious that we enjoyed breakfast here every morning of our stay! The skillets were amazing!!! I had the "Spicy Mexican" skillet two mornings in a row! My husband said the southwest chorizo carnitas skillet was the best breakfast he has ever had! We will definitely be back next year!
I dropped in randomly on way to airport, when visiting Phoenix. I wanted to avoid chains, but that is getting harder to do, and this place at least had a local feel even though it is a chain. While I was there, the waitress I had greeted at least 2 people by name, so that's a good sign. The French toast was very good, with a vanilla flavor. The coffee was also good, although I tend to like mine not too strong, so maybe it would taste weak to Starbucks regulars. What I really liked was that I got a thermos of coffee for myself, so I could top off when I wanted. The service was good, waitress friendly, and it was a pleasant breakfast experience. There were also some awesome looking pies at the counter, but I was full and it was a little early for pie. =)
Best sushi. Impeccable service. Good price for quality. Try kagiyagi sushi, Maiko salad with the incredible dressing, and of course hot sake. I will recommend over a lot of restaurants. I heard that they have small issues with take outs, but is ok.
I was expecting to be blown away by the food. The atmosphere is excellent, but the service was fair. $12.88 for a cup of Hot and Sour it had better be the best Hot and Sour I have ever tasted. It was average at best the entrees all seem to be pre-made possibly just a buffet in the back. You're better off going to PF Changs they have much better food  and a quarter of the price.
We literally waited in line for a good 30 minutes for coffee, that's how badly we were dying for caffeine.In the end, my coffee was made incorrectly and the barista was rude.The coffee ended up being disgusting.
A must when in Vegas.Bomb.  Tacos.Al pastor and chorizo are my favorites.  It's ridiculous that they have different lines for different kind of meats so be prepared to go with a group that can line up in the different lines and some that can scope out tables.
The show was awesome and I really liked that they had a story line.  I won't ruin it for everyone, but it's a very cool show.My fave was the "O" though, but this was a good second!!
After a late night of dancing at XS we came here to sober up.Had 3 al pastor tacos and they were bomb!!  They have different lines for the different meats, which is annoying, since I originally wanted 1 chorizo and 3 al pastor, but other than that, the food is delish and cheap!5 stars from me!
This show was absolutely entertaining and fun!Our seats were close to the stage so we participated in a small portion of the show.The Man is a fan of the Beatles so he was jammin' the entire time!I would love to come back and see this show again!
I was starving.I saw the poor reviews, yet I was to the point of starvation that I was contemplating chewing on my arm which is why I came here.I am glad I did because my food was fresh, hot and tasty.  I had the spicy chicken sandwich.Customer service was friendly.Yes the prices are higher than a regular Wendy's, but you are at the airport.  It's to be expected.
My girls and I came here for a bachelorette party and we had a great time.The limo from this club picked us up at our hotel for free, of course we tipped.  We paid $30 and that got us in and it gets you a coupon for 2 drinks.The lady walking around bringing the drinks tells you that you must tip her and she is really mean about it.  If you don't tip well enough she will stand next to you and repeat that you must tip.  What if you didn't earn a good tip because of your bitchy ass attitude?  but, whatever.The guys there, some are good, some aren't the best, but some are awesome.All in all, it was fun and my girls made it funner and so we had a great time.When we walked downstairs to leave you pass by the girl strippers, and the floor looked depressing.
This is a beautiful restaurant with amazing food.  We stayed at the Cosmo and the concierge was kind to make reservations for us.We had a great time!
The baristas were not friendly at all and the drinks were meh.
We were thrilled to try this place out since they have awesome reviews but we were very disappointed with the service.  They had a lot of tables at the bar empty but dirty.  My friends and I sat at a table that was dirty and waited a while before someone acknowledged us and came to clean the table.  I didn't get his name, but he was kinda rude when taking our order.  He is Hispanic and wears glasses.  Fortunately someone else brought out our food and he was super nice, an Asian young man.Came to their happy hour and had the following:Salmon with truffle- truffle bechamel with portobello mushroom= this dish was very tasty! I liked that their salmon didn't taste fishy.Traditional Spanish chicken croquetas- chicken bechamel= I really enjoyed this crunchy goodness.Pintxo de chorizos- pork chorizo and mashed potatoes= their chorizo was a bit spicy and sweet, i liked their mashed potatoes.Albondigas- beef and pork meatballs in a tomato sherry sauce=. Omg I loved loved this one, reminded me of my moms albondigas.Stuffed dates- medjol dates, goat cheese, pancetta, tomato marmalade= Although this has a lot of good reviews this was overly sweet for me and was more like a dessert.Their sangria was delicious and strong.The 3 stars are for the tasty tapas and even better prices since it was happy hour.  Minus 2 for service.
Coca cola galore.  My friend who collects everything coca cola was in heaven lol.  I got a couple of souvenirs for the kiddos.Try the flavors of the world, so cool!!
The Man and I came to see Steve Aioki and this place was dangerously packed.  Don't they have a max due to the fire code?We paid the $100 per ticket VIP tickets.  What a joke.  We still stood in an hour long line.We were warned by the guy tending to the elevators that it would get even worse.  By the way I made the mistake of stepping into an elevator and pushed the button only to be scolded to not touch the button.  I laughed since I thought he was joking.  The elevator attendant takes his job very seriously.In order to have any sort of breathing room without having someone's privates all up on me or having my ass groped, which I encountered as we were looking for a place to at least stand, we felt we had no choice but to purchase a booth.You buy a booth, but at the end of the night the place is super packed that you get people sneaking into your booth.  We caught someone trying to take a bottle of our vodka.  Security?Skip this joint.
Loved loved loved this show!  Worth every penny.We sat at the front row and it was amazing.  At one point one of the clowns from the skit took my friend on stage and were dancing!I would love to come back and watch it again!!
Kudos for actually acknowledging me when I walked in here!I eyeballed a purse that I'm most def going to ask Santa for :)
I'm so glad this place is open 24 hours...we stumbled, literally into this place after the club (5am?)  and we definitely needed food...I vaguely remember what I had, it was the chorizo with eggs and it was delicious, our waitress was such a sweetheart.It was awesome!
* Ahi Poke Tostadas = Jalapeno-onion escabeche, tomatillo relish, avocado aioli - HELLA BOMB* Truffle Lobster Mac N Cheese = Creamy tallegio-marscapone sauce w/ maine lobster & black truffle - Amazing* El Caliente = beef patty topped w/ pepperjack cheese, pickled jalapeno, avocado, pork chicharrones & tequila cilantro mayo - my mouth is watering just remembering...I loved it.Highly recommend!
My husband won $1000 dollars playing at the $1.00 Wheel Of Fortune slot machines.  He had spent about $30 bucks, when he hit Jack Pot!! Actually I did win $800 on the $1.00 Wheel of Fortune slot machines at the Bellagio too.Too bad we had to try out luck again and lost most of it, but it was so much FUN!!
I'm surprised this Starbucks is the worst one I've been to considering it's located in such a nice location.Service was horrendous and drinks were gross.
Got a free sandwich coupon when I signed up for their emails, score!When you're in Vegas it's hard to find a good spot to eat that won't leave a dent in your wallet.This place has hella good sandwiches at very reasonable prices, and they're open 24 hrs a day which is why we came numerous times lol.Chipotle chicken avocado- I love avocados so this was my second favorite sandwich.The full montagu- I'm not a fan of roast beef so I should have skipped this one, it's tasty just not for me :)Italian-  the least of my favorites, I didn't care for the Italian dressing they use.  I wouldn't get it again.The American-  it's not on the menu but they will make it for you.  I loved it!!!  My favorite.They also have their own kettle chips and I really liked their salt and vinegar chips.
I really enjoyed coming to this mall.  They have many nice stores for us shopaholics lol, I definitely came here more than once during my Vegas vacation!!
The line here was huge and it's all hype.I was very disappointed with my greasy cheeseburger and overly sweet strawberry shake.The only good thing were the fries :/
The variety of stuff doesn't vary too much from a regular store.  It was fun though to come and look at all the chocolate and get some souvenirs!
Best Bar Ever!!!!!!!!!Service is awesome and the drinks are stiff, which I appreciate.The bar is filled with beautiful people!
Stayed here at the end of October and it was an ok experience.  Price wise it was cheaper than the other hotels on the strip.  Like the other Yelpers stated, the line to check in was soo long, I must have stood there for about 45 minutes.  Ok, so I got a non-smoking room.  I walked into my room and it reeked of smoke.  Called the front desk and asked what kind of room was I given? It was confirmed that it was non-smoking.  I can just imagine how the smoking rooms must stink!Walls are paper thin.  One night there was a party next door, sounded like a bachelorette party.  The following night I figured it might be somewhat less noisy, and what did I get on the other side? a couple that must have been making a porno movie.  Granted, it's Vegas, the city that never sleeps..but damn after gambling, drinking and dancing you want to catch a couple of zzzz's to have the energy to do it again for the next couple of days.Ordered room service and food was yummy and hot..the people that bring up the food are super nice.  A plus: You can checkout using your tv..and you leave your key in your room.
I found the cutest Rebecca Minkoff jacket and a couple of Chaser shirts.The girls were very helpful and I was able to leave my purchases with them while I walked the strip and then pick them up on the way back to my room (I stayed at the Cosmo).I will be back!!!!!!
This review is strictly for the casino since we didn't stay here.The damn stingy machines didn't give me a penny when I gambled my money away.  I have such bad luck :/. At least at this casino.
This terminal is clean and overall pretty pleasant.
This review is strictly for gambling and ambiance as I did not stay here.The filtration in this place needs to be updated.  I get that smoking in Las Vegas is permitted, but, there are other hotels which allow smoking too, but yet your lungs don't hurt after you've breathed the contaminated air for a couple of hours.As far as gambling well we didn't win anything, no surprise there.  But, it was fun to play and the waitresses were always there to bring drinks.
It's a silly store....the name says it all.  It was fun walking around and looking at the different random stuff, but I didn't end up anything lol...
The baristas were always nice the times we came to get our caffeine fix and the drinks were yummy and strong!
Our recent visit was on Friday 11/7/14 with a group of 11 girls.  We opted to sit inside since the wait for a table outside was 1.5 hrs.Guacamole - was deliciousCalamari - it was okSpicy Grilled Gulf Shrimp fajitas - the shrimp were humongous and delicious.  This gets 5 stars easily.Chicken Sabana - Another amazing plate....would get next time for sure.Service was good, our food took kind of long to come out, but I guess it was because we had a big party.Will def come back when in Vegas.
The Bellagio was nice, but the reason I am giving it only 3 stars is because the customer service was not good at all.  When we arrived we stood in one of the lines for check in and when the other representatives were done with a customer, instead of calling us they would take people that had just walked in, so we were ignored.  After calling several "Excuse Me's" and being ignored for about 10 minutes, our line moved and we actually got to the front of the line.  This same thing happened when we were checking out.  Were we being ignored because we are hispanic?? Hmm, it makes me wonder, and THAT is sad.ALSO, we got our room and I went in the shower, well I was in there for about 5 minutes when I noticed the water wasn't draining...eww, it was just pooling at my feet.  This is a shower where it's detached to the tub and the shower is in a stall with a glass door.  Well the water started to pour out of the bottom of the shower door, so I had to hurry up and get out.  The water was not draining, so my husband wasn't even able to take a shower.  I called the front desk and had someone from maintenance come and look at it, and then it was fine after that.  But for a high-priced hotel like this, you should not have to have experience that.To top things off, when we checked out, we had charges that were added to our room that weren't hours.  After talking to the representative and her manager and explaining that we were in other hotels during the time of those charges, and we had proof, they credited our credit card "temporarily" while they investigated.  Someone charged all kinds of drinks and food to our room.  How easy it is, just say, please charge this to our room, and it's someone else's.  I would stay at The Mirage next time.
Currently under construction and a definite tourist spot.  It's crowded and over priced, but the taste of the M&M's are so much better than the ones in the packages that they sell at the store.  The ones they sell sometimes taste like paper, at least to me anyway.These taste fresh and chocolatey!
Had Donnie as our Promoter and he was amazing!  Msg me if you want his info 'cause he will hook you up!We had 14 girls for a bachelorette party and we needed bottle service.  We paid $900+28.1% tax and gratuity.  This included 3 bottles of Goose and 3 bottles of Moet, and a cool ass table.Donnie also set me up with a friend promoter who hooked it up for us for XS for the night before.  The Club played hip hop and some old school, very little EDM which is what we were looking for!Can't wait to go back to Vegas and go partying at this Club again!!
Came here with my girls on Friday night and we got in for free and got 2 complimentary drinks (Thanks to my promoter Donnie who hooked us up).  The drinks were watered down vodka cranberry, and we could see the look of distaste on the bartenders face as we redeemed our free drinks.  We obviously tipped her, she didn't need to be bitchy.The music was alright, the ambiance was cool and I especially liked the confetti dropping from the ceiling.Not much to complain about since we got in for free, but, minus one star for the bitchy bartender.
Baristas were quick and efficient.  The drinks were a-ok.
This review is strictly for the casino as we didn't stay here.The casino was awesome and the machines actually payed out.  My favorite place to gamble, I love all the older slot machines!!
TSA here sucks.  They have this attitude as if they're the FBI or something.  I was traveling back home and at most airports they ask that you take your shoes off so when I started to take mine off, 2 different TSA people started screaming simultaneously at me to stop, lol...sheesh!!
Friendly baristas and strong drinks.  The inside of this Starbucks was kind of dirty.
Their Chicago mix is crazy good!  I was very skeptical when the lady gave us a sample of it, but I quickly fell in love with it and bought a small bag for like $5 bucks.  I regret not bringing some back home :(Customer service was awesome!
The micheladas are really good.  They have mariachi and live music.Considering this is a seafood spot, my shrimp didn't taste too fresh.  I had the tequila shrimp.It was cool as a one time experience, but I wouldn't come back..
The seafood buffett at El Rio was soooo delicious.  It is a bit pricey, but you certainly get your money's worth.  They have all kinds of fish, garlic prawns, breaded prawns, etc, the best part is the crab.  YUMM those crab legs with all kinds of dipping sauces, were so delish.  I want to go to Vegas just to go have dinner there again!!  Definetely a must if you go to Vegas!!
10/7/16- Came here after the Club and it was super busy, nevertheless the line moved fast and the drunken patrons kept us entertained!White pizza with sausage and mushrooms...can't go wrong with that!The guys here are super friendly!
10/6/16- The only hotel in Las Vegas that I will stay in.I love their customer service, their atmosphere, the way it smells.It's like my second home while in Vegas.
The pizza is good, but ever since they moved into the new location the experience is terrible. I have yet to eat at the restaurant, which now resembles a more spacious tgi Fridays, but every time I order for pick up the carry out counter is completely disorganized and the pizza takes at least 25 minutes longer than estimated time given over the phone (which is typically 50 or 60 minutes). Like I said, the pizza is good, but they are quickly wearing out the good will they used to have in town.
They conned us into extras we did not want or benefit from. I was not  impressed with the end result. Nail polish was messy. Feet still dry and callused, even after paying extra for whatever product they use to de-callus. NOTHING relaxing about the experience. The girls were giggling, talking back and forth and more interested in their own chatter than our experience and quality of service.
Great chicken that is seasoned perfectly.  The hot sauce is the bomb and give a you a great kick.  Yukka fries are great and crispy. A little pricey and hard to find though.
Great place for lunch if you are in the Yonge and Dundas area. Service is quite face and the waiters are friendly. I got the Islamic noodles.  They are great with the curry.  Get 1 spicy because it gives a good kick without  it being too spicy. The curry is really creamy and full of flavour.  The portions are big so look to share.  Cheap for the amount of food you get.  I would definitely try this out if you are in the area.
It's good if you are a vegan/vegetarian. But if you're looking for "meat" don't come here.
Service was great!  Portions are huge!!!! Try the lemon chicken and you will be in love
Great hole in the wall!  Service was a little slow but portions are huge! The food is great.
Horrible service.  Stopped us from ordering because we were ordering too much shasimi. Waited over 1 hour for desert. Shasimi is fresh and good.  Rolls fall apart and are sub-par.
It's good to know that Drais has stood the test of time.  Drinks are strong and expensive.  Music is loud and bumping.  Oh, yes.  Mixed crowd to say the least.  Ladies in the shortest dresses.  Dudes dressed like they're at a Pimp N Ho event.  Raver girls that look questionable.  Douchebags and debutantes.  And some dude that dances like Michael Jackson.  Drai's is the only club where I've passed out in a booth with friends still partying...then woke up being surrounded by some of the hottest asian women I've ever seen...only to pass out again and wake up with all these huge euro dudes around me.  I tried to get a few more drinks in me to pass out again to reverse the euro dude effect or travel back in time, but my friends wanted to leave.  I put up a fight, but they dragged my whiny ass out.Fun.
Holy shitake mushrooms.  You gotta order the Chicken and Waffles.  And no, it doesn't come with mushrooms.The fried chicken was a bit underwhelming due to the overly batter taste and lack of crispiness, but the meat was succulent enough to overlook the fact.  Douse that shit in ketchup with a dash of Tabasco.As for the other half, best waffles ever.  Your entree is presented on an extremely hot plate.  No touch!  It keeps the butter melted and the Wild Turkey infused maple syrup tasting like adult pole dancing heaven.  Don't pour the butter and syrup on your waffles.  DIP your waffles into the butter first and then the syrup.  Proceed to pinch your nipples as you eat them.  It adds to the flavor.If you wanna rockstar it, order a glass of Johnny Walker to compliment the waffles and 86 the chicken.  Whiskey and Waffles.  Best breakfast ever.
There's a reason why you see a lot of Filipinos here.Steamed hot crab legs.  SARAP.All you can drink wine and beer.  SAKIT.The only buffet to have adobo.  HAYSUSMARIOSEP TALAGANG CRAZY!I'd give this place another star if they placed a pot of steamed white rice next to the adobo tray and also provide a serving spoon so I can scoop up all that masarap sabaw.
I need to tell you about the worst hostess experience I've EVER had anywhere.  Ann was unable and unwilling to even pretend to try and accomodate our simple seating request to have our 2 parties sit near each other, even though I'd made my reservation 2 weeks in advance withthat specific request.  Her attitude was unacceptable.
Miscommunication. Jobs taking much longer than discussed therefore costing more. Ending up with jobs Half completed. I now have to hire someone else to re paint a wall and sand down patched holes and reprint them as well. I wish I had have done more research. I had a discussing with Lesley at Fix It before the last day of work and after expressing my dissatisfaction about how people were coming unprepared and had no clue what they were supposed to be doing so therefore not doing it, I was promised all of the last things that had to be done would take two hours (no surprises, all the unfinished jobs were discussed). Four and a half hours later, I'm left with the task of having to hire someone else to fix Jobs already paid way too much for. Unfinished. Beyond frustrated. I'd advise people to hire another company that charges per job not hour. Don't make my mistake...
TERRIBLE SERVICE AND QUALITY!! Bought a customized sofa bed and the middle back cushion was made a few inches smaller.  It looks terrible and totally noticeable. Took photos and went back to Urban Furnishings and they said they would get back to me. It has been weeks and I've called and left messages, I've emailed and no one has ever gotten back to me to fix the issue. There are so many stores along the same road to get a sofa or furniture customized, I DEFINITELY would recommend staying away from dealing with this store and people.
Yum!  Order the garlic fried rice with . . . everything!  We've been there twice and everything we've tried so far has been so good, I can't wait to go back -- and we live in L.A.!
Looking at all the reviews, I was expecting it to be fabulous.  First, we had reservations for 6:45 and we didn't get seated until after 7:00.  Other people came in after we checked in and were seated before us.  We were the last ones waiting.  I was already unhappy.  After we were seated, it took 15 minutes before I had to tell our server we were ready to order.  When we finally got our steaks (NY, filet, Spencer, and ribeye) and they were just okay.  I ordered the ribeye and I thought they gave me the NY steak.  No marbling and no flavor!!  No one was impressed with their steaks.  I had a more flavorful filet at TGIFridays!!  This was really disappointing! :(
Holy moly!  We waited in line for an hour and 45 minutes.  The only thing that was getting me through that wait was the thought of ayce king crab legs!  We finally made it in around 9pm and they only had snow crab and stone crab!  What happened to the king crab???  Fine, I had snow crab and it was just okay.  I wandered around to see what they offered and I must say that it was all about presentation.  The fried chicken, tater tots, fish & chips were offered in little wire fry baskets.  Each slider was placed on its own little ceramic dish.  Oh, and they have street vendor food -- corn on the cob slathered with mayo and crumbly cheese (where's the paletas??). They also have a charcuterie along with different types of cheeses.  I was excited about that.  I wanted to order wine with the meats and cheeses and found out it is not possible to order one glass of wine.  If you want wine, you have to order all-you-can-drink wine for $15.99 (on top of the $39.99 you just paid for dinner).  Anyway, we were a party of 6 and we tried everything.  A lot of the items were really salty so we needed a lot of water.  (Maybe they do this on purpose so you get full on water and don't each so much??  Guess they gotta recoup that $18MM somehow...).  For a buffet, the presentation is great, but the food is mediocre.  If you like to see your food sitting in something pretty, eat here.  If you want good food, go to the M.
I am a professional driver, and I depend on my vehicle for my livelihood. Shlomi at ABZ (the owner) is the best mechanic I have ever had. He is fast and reliable and he cares about doing the job right. Don't be put off by the way he talks, he's super straightforward because he's not playing games with the safety of your vehicle. He'll tell you what needs to be done, and he doesn't mince words. He's a straight shooter and this is the guy you want working on your car. Not to mention, the prices are highly competitive and the quality of the work is excellent.
I like the food , but hate the way the cashier tells you that the tip is on the Credit card machine you sign. I think it's rude to ask for a tip and I know how to sign for my credit-card.
My first time there was about a year ago (it's a bit far for me since I live in Mississauga), and I went with some friends who go there regularly. We had 4 dishes split among the 4 (and a kiddo) of us and there was still plenty of leftovers. Portion size is not an issue :) My favorite dishes are the Cavatelli Pasta and the Smoked Proscuitto Pizza. I'm more peculiar about my pizza than my pastas but Levetto exceeded my expectations for pizza. The people there are super friendly and accommodating. They don't just make and serve the food, they actually converse with the customers, which is why I've recommended it to so many of my friends.I went there a second time not too long ago and met the manager from the downtown locations (not opened yet) who was super friendly! Go for the food, atmosphere and great cappuccinos.Also the reason why I am giving it 4/5 is only because this location is pretty small. I know it's supposed to be more a fast food place but it would be nice if they could get a few more tables in, which I know isn't possible unfortunately. Other than that, one of my faves!
We ordered the cafe mocha, Snow White waffle and the dunk n dip crepe. Ahhhh all of it was absolutely amazing. Service was incredible and the the decor and atmosphere made it feel like we weren't even in Toronto! Go just go.
One of my favorite Mexican places! I always get the chicken burrito as it's a staple and their chips are always a must-have.Have introduced this place to over 10 people who have all been impressed and love the atmosphere and staff!El Sombrero you are my go-to :)
Excellent outlet with items still displayed according to sizes!!! Staffs were prompt to pickup items littered on the aisles and hang them back in order! Managed to purchased 3 pairs of kicks!!!
This is absolutely one of the best and authentic Chinese restaurants in US based on my limited experience. The food are very "Mama" made. Both the taste and the size of the dishes are very good. I just hope I have a big enough stomach!!
If you're looking for staff that is rude and does the bare minimum and no more you found the right place. Disregarded our concerns in a condescending and patronizing manner. Ruined what might have been a good experience. Do not recommend.
Stay away. From the food to the service, it was a thoroughly disappointing experience to put it mildly. Service: I counted maybe 10 patrons at the restaurant and with two servers we waited over ten minutes for a menu and to order. This was just the start of the horrible service. When asking another server while ours was busy we received a rude, condescending response, bashing the other server in the process. When the food arrived our order was wrong and we ordered just two items. Lastly half the tables were still dirty and had half eaten meals still sitting around for the duration of our meal.Food: Terribly average food. Yes if you're looking for dim sum at the airport it's a nice novelty but it's average dim sum at best and for something to have Susur Lee's name on it I expected much more. The grapes were unwashed and the potatoes underseasoned. I won't say it was overpriced because let's be honest what isn't at an airport, but for $7-9 a plate of dim sum a lot was left to be desired.Overall, there are many other alternatives I would suggest you try. If you're in a rush to catch a flight don't even think about it. I'm surprised Susur let the quality of an establishment with his name on the line sink this low as this is a chance for international travelers to try his cuisine.
Great Food and our server was outstanding! Brittany M. was awsome handled our party of 16 with ease. Not one of us was ever empty handed. We will be back! Mike G.
Dave will impress you with his knowledge of mattresses and his passion for customer service. It's like talking to a friend you trust who is looking out for your best interest. Prices were unbelievable and quality of mattress is top of the line. No sales pitches no pressure go talk to Dave at R&S Mattress off Raintree. I don't write reviews but this place was worth writing about!
You won't believe the customer service you get at this Auto shop! Elsie not only has knowledge about cars she understands your problems when you try to explain whats wrong with your car. Elsie is a real professional kind and easy to talk to. I would have no problem sending my wife with her car problems to go see and speak to Elsie. Then Warren the lead Mechanic wont stop till he solves your problem. Works on your car as if it was his own. He will call you personally to explain any issues that may occur and will give you your best and least expensive options ! You just don't get that kind of customer service from an auto shop anymore. I've become a LIFER and BELIEVER and trust my cars with CARLIFE of  Scottsdale .
We have eaten here several times.  Last was for my son's birthday.  Everything's been great so far. Hard to beat the Cilantro lime chicken.  Staff was great service too. Never had a problem but know they would fix it if I did.We will be back!
I have been with Skyharbor for about 10 years. They have a very good service and highly recommend them.  Drivers are nice and deserve a tip for their extra efforts. The phone for pickup line is new and great. My only complaint, is that some drivers, are a bit fast to drive off, if no calls or no one at the curb. I have missed the van several times while on the walkway running to catch them. If the driver would have just opened the door and looked out. He would have seen me and another person, just yesterday,  briskly trying to get to him. I saw him pull in, and out. Less than 20 seconds on the stop. That said, far more times  the drivers are aware and observant. Love those guys!
Always great service from Kassidy and the owner. My clothes are always ready the next day and look amazing! Great dry cleaners!
I love this gym. Everyone is super friendly from the time I joined until now. The professionalism and kindness hasn't changed.  Everyone is willing to help. I especially love my trainer, Don.  He is so professional and knowledgeable. I highly recommend La Fitness, specifically the Good Year location. I'm just a mom trying to get back in shape and this location is so convenient for me and my 2 young kids. They love the kids club so it makes working out that much easier. If I had to have one thing to complain about, it would be that I wished the kids club had evening hours on the weekends as well. That is my only complaint and hopefully that would be something corporate could consider especially for working moms trying to be faithful in their work out routine and trying to get in shape.
This new gem has become my newest obsession.  So far I have gotten addicted to the lavender milk tea w/ boba.  I've tried the Ube blended tea w/ boba and it is very good too. But something just keeps me coming back for the lavender milk tea.  The staff is so friendly and the place is so clean and quiet.  It's very small inside so on a busy day the line could easily be out the door.  I've seen it happen. Overall this is a great establishment and I'm so happy they opened just so I can continuously enjoy my lavender milk tea.
Addicting. I wish there was one in Waddell or Surprise so I wouldn't have to drive that far.
These doughnuts are addicting. I really wish they weren't so darn good because I find myself coming here everyday.  They have the best doughnuts that I've tasted in all of Arizona.  It's pretty hard to beat them. Best doughnuts and coffee. A must try.
Not impressed.. They messed up my order and tried to convince me to keep the burrito because they had already made it. They said it was very good so I agreed.. Turned out that the burrito was disgusting. I was so over it and will NEVER go back!
Meh.. Was so so.. Was not impressed. Cupcakes didn't have a signature flavor. They just tasted like the ones I bake at home. Now Taste Love Cupcakes in MI are bomb. They have a signature flavor so if you taste one, you know it's from Taste Love Cupcakes! I wish they would come to ARIZONA!
Very good! Reminds me of the Coneys in the D. Now they just need to add wing dings to the menu!
Very good. Had the corned beef and mash. Waitress was fast and super friendly. Will definitely return.
If I could give negative stars I would. Monday before my 10/20 flight, I purchased my luggage online with the help of customer service and spent  $90, got my confirmation email and moved on. Later that same day I got a email confirming my cancelation. I called and spoke to a supervisor immediately and they told me the $90 I paid was to cancel the flight, even though my first email early says I purchased a carry on there and back. They told me I canceled it online and there was nothing they could do. I got a $200.20 credit  and had to spend another $284 for the same flights. They keep insisting I canceled my flight and are refusing to refund me at all. I will not let this go.
Nice view and bed but mediocre hotel. Stayed from 10/20 though 10/24, best friends wedding.  Zooming was great,  drinks were strong although the bars closed earlier then I expected.
DROOL...I stayed in the Palazzo which means that everyday I walked by this place and had to get something.  The lemon ice thing is really good as well as their chocolate and vanilla.  For ice cream though, they are pricy.
If you need a party or big event catered I highly recommend Michoacan Restaurant. The food was absolutely delicious it arrived hot and right on time and there was so much of it!  From the first phone call I was put at ease and was not disappointed.  We had the fajitas and everything came with it the beans and rice and guacamole all of it was fresh and good. We Thank You Michoacan for making our party a success!!!
How amazing was this place!!! So happy we got to go! A seafood tower and three lemon drops later I could easily say this is one of the best restaurants I have ever been too! Our waitress Sarah was amazing!  She was so attentive and answered every question I asked her about the menu! She also served me my food! We couldn't believe how awesome this place was! Live music at the bar! Can't wait to go again! Oh ps they called me this morning to thank me for dining with them! So cool!
DUZAN IS THE BEST!!! My friends and I come here probably once a week and always get the veggie platter which is unreal. Creamy baba ghanoush and hummus, flavorful tabbouleh and more! Their pita is probably the best, warmest, and softest in town. Tons of vegan options for me, and my non-veg friends always love their chicken/shawarma/etc. Definitely one of my favorite Mediterranean spots in town, and always wonderful and friendly customer service!
This was my first experience with piano tuning, but by any standards Wayne did an excellent job! Our upright hadn't been tuned since we bought it ten years ago, but it only took him 45 minutes to make it sound beautiful. Wayne was early, friendly, and efficient; we'll definitely call him again!
Just got back from dinner at Taj Palace with my dad. Being Indian food lovers, we're never disappointed by the wonderful traditional food served there. The staff was very kind and accommodating, and even created a special Saag Aloo (spinach and potato) dish as opposed to the normal spinach and cheese dish that a vegan like me couldn't enjoy. We've been there many times for both dinner and the lunch buffet and  the food never falters in its flavor and freshness. Our favorite dishes include the Dal Basanti, garlic naan, mixed vegetable appetizer, and the Gobi Aloo. Overall: Beautiful interior, nice staff, delicious food... just go eat there. Just go.
Food was fresh and the staff is very nice.The best I have had.  The hummus was great the Babaganoush was okay.  The meat dishes and rice were also great !!Def my spot for Greek food!
The place was clean and service was pretty good.  They were busy on a Friday night.The soft shell crab was great.  The Uni was sublime very fresh. The owner paid us a visit at our table at the end of the night and was very pleasant and upbeat and even gave us a free dish to try.  Fresh fish!! I will be back
Everything was excellent and our waiter Edward was great.  You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu really.  The wine is overpriced however but they have a great selection.  If they brought the prices of wine down 50% I would eat there more.
I am a physician here in Las Vegas.  I have been to several dentists and have a had a problem with my wisdom tooth for years and Dr. Sanchez was only one to properly diagnose my problem.  He was kind enough to get me in very quickly and pulled my tooth with almost no pain after giving me a nearly painless injection.  My dad who is a dentist told me to expect pain the next day and I have NO PAIN.  Great job Dr. Sanchez.  The office staff was great and the office is nice and modern.  I highly recommend Dr. Sanchez for your dental needs....Dr. B
almost nothing about this place was good they are not sure what they are and they certainly aren't serving good food the fusion that they are trying to do doesn't work however they were very nice I will never eat here again
I don't know what is wrong with that Bonnie L who wrote a rhyming review just to be funny but it was stupid.This place is a hidden gem it is real fresh and I imagine this is like getting a home cooked meal in China.  The lamb skewers were Soooooo good.  Dry wontons were amazing and the dumplings were great!! You cannot beat the bang for the buck here and everyone is super nice !!! Highly recommend you try this place out!
I have been a customer for a while and have always been treated quickly and with good information. I have been playing golf for 30 years.   I went in today with a club that I purchased somewhere else to get a grip put on and I was helped by a very nice gentleman and we both have the same club and he put the grip on for free so go there anytime for the same service of course you probably have to pay but it's nice to know that. Every once in a while you get a nice surprise
I had been waiting for this place to open and today I was the first customer.  First off the place is clean and staff very friendly and helpful.  They have a variety of fresh toppings and the fresh doh is great and soft.  This is truly Italy pizza.  They also have other food which I'm sure is great! Gelato too!  I was even quite impressed that the red pepper shakers have the flakes finally chopped up so they actually go through the shaker which shows that they pay attention to everything and the qualty was excellent.  I will be a regular here for sure and I grew up on New York and NJ pizza.
The beef was fair and over seasoned and dry.The pita is mediocre not tasty or fresh too doughy.Service was friendly. The chicken greek salad was decent  with so many other choices I probably would not go back
My poor car high-end Mercedes got a linear dent and was very noticeable I called this morning at 9 o'clock the owner showed up at 11:15 and hour later it was fixed as best as it could be given the circumstances and I'm very happy with the service and Steve was great, highly recommend this company!
Well I was there last Sunday and waited almost 20 minutes for two sandwiches.  The roast beef was acceptable but the turkey was low grade.  If they are charging 10 bucks for a sandwich it better have fresh carved meat not something I can buy in a pre-wrapped package at the supermarket.  I think this place can be great but they need to fix their speed and quality of meats.  I will likely go elsewhere next time unless they improve.
I lived there recently and the place is older and rundown a bit.  I had a big problem when I left as far as them charging me for things that were out of my control.  They claimed that I did not pay for certain things when I signed up but I had proof and they still charged me and put a lawyer on me.  The only real positive was the location.  I say the manager of that place needs to know what customer service is and for about the same price you can live somewhere much nicer with better amenities.
Better than the strip!!!Stopped in for lunch and ordered 3 street tacos had the chili verde, lamb and pasture and all were great and tasty well seasoned but adding the salsas was even better !Salsas all great and fresh! Cannot wait to go back for dinner!
I have eaten here a few times and never disappointed. Chef usually comes to say hello and tells you about the fresh ingredients that he is using for the same day which is great. You can see his passion and taste the passion in his food hidden gem off the strip best meatballs ever!!
I have now eaten here several times and each time the food is gotten better. The manager was very polite and willing to take advice regarding the food and seems to have taken some of my suggestions to heart and continues to make the quality better. The cleanliness of the restaurant is excellent. The buffet is a great value and very well done. I would highly recommend this Indian food restaurant to anyone near the area.Peter
So far so great.  Today my car had a flat a screw in it so called my sales guy Mike Mondesi and he said no problem came and picked up my car and had it back to me fixed and clean no worries !! great car great service !
I have now completed my three-year lease on my 328i and want to say I had nothing but excellent service without any pressure and the people I dealt with were phenomenal. I purchased a different brand of car and not once did they give me any grief about this and in fact agreed that I made a great choice.  Mike the new lease manager was awesome and made my experience quick and painless and of course my sales person Stefan "The Count" was sad to see me go but if you need a BMW go here and ask for him:) He even dropped me off to get my new car at another dealer! Wow what service !!!
Dr. Satterlee is a doctor who understands what the patient needs and how best to get them to their goals.  I am a physician and I know when someone knows what they are doing and when they do not.  His keen observation of the mechanics of the body allow him to put you on a program that will give you the best chance to do the things you want.  I have only just started with help for my back pain (which is not related directly to my back turns out) so stay tuned but I am confident in his skills and passion for his work and I WILL be referring him patients.  I also love his straightforward talk which most chiropractors fail to do.
I had gift certificates for this place for a while and finally cashed them in! What was I waiting for ?  Hands down THE BEST Osso Bucco I have ever had.  Our waiter Justin said it would be the best according to Chef and it was!!! Perfectly cooked, seasoned almost perfect ( I would have added Kalamata Olives ) pasta that was paired with it was perfect.  Portion was on point.  Now back to the appetizer, a very fresh calamari with broccoli rabe and peppers, tomatoes and potatoes in a beautiful sauce.  I don't even eat octopus anymore because I discovered it was very intelligent so I made a conscious effort to stop eating them however I may have to eat that calamari once a month along with the osso bucco.The Tiramisu was great just a bit soggy/juicy for me but great!  This place is as good as any place on the strip for Italian food. I was so impressed went and shook the Chefs hand after meal well done. Gordon Ramsay would be proud and not have much to say except "Brilliant and clearly passionate about your restaurant"
We were very excited to try the burger and waited in line for about 40 minutes. Then nightmare started as our server didn't attend to us until 20 minutes after. We ordered 3 burgers and waited close to 40 minutes. I figured this cheap burger better be good after waiting that long!!! Finally our burgers came but lo and behold!!! We got a freaking cold burger!!! After that hellish experience, never again will we ever go to this place!!! Beware all ya'll!!!
We were eager to try this place for years and finally on a fathers day event, we did it, but what a disappointment!!!From beginning our server was not fully engaged to help us, we felt that it was an inconvenience to ask for anything even a simple chimichuri was like pulling teeth. The food overall was somewhat ok. We didn't even get a chance to see what desserts they offer. Asking to open a bottle of wine was an inconvenience. Our overall experience was poor!!! Texas de Brazil is still the best from the moment you walk in, to dining and upon leaving. Sadly, we're not going back to this place.
The best bargain you will ever find in Vegas!  Absolutely Fresh Food no waiting line .  Great  multi-grain pancakes (big!) and you want the sausage which tastes slightly better than the patties. Absolutely HUGE ham steak. A real monster and likely you will take some home. ZERO discrepancies in last health inspection.  5th year of owner small business.The restrooms sparkle due to Kelly's diligence and she's a great waitress too!!
no hassles and no pressure  either pay or walk away.  plus shop online and have used car shipped to your location for small fee....
These people are crooks, do not buy your car here!!!I had the worst experience of my life. I have been buying brand new cars out of dealerships for 10 years and never had a bad experience such as with Autonation. I signed a contract a week ago (after sitting at the dealer for 6 hours, and agree on a reasonable price), with a ran credit application, (so I thought) with a set percentage, and monthly payment...great right? That was only the beginning of a disappointing experience.A week later the financial guy Dustin, calls me to come in and sign the loan, doe not give me any specs over the phone.I get there, and they had me wait one hour before they even presented me with the contract....Finally some other dude gives me the contract to sign, expecting me to sign without reading....well I read it carefully before signing and I noticed the numbers are no longer the same from the contract I initially signed. The percentage (Apr %) and monthly payments are completely different than the contract I signed a week earlier when I bought the car... of course I become very frustrated .2 managers come out, and try to convince me that this was the best deals bank could approve me for and all other banks denied me blah blah.Bottom line:These people let me walk out with a brand new Jeep Wrangler without an approved loan, changed the rate on me and expected me to sign it, although it was not what I agreed on initially. It felt like a scheme because, they knew I would love my Jeep after 1 week , which I did, but my logic won over my love for the car. I demanded my down payment back together with my trade, and walked out. Do not spend your hard earned money here! These people do not deserve a dime out of honest working people.
Not just another coffee spot.  No, these flavors are unique.  The staff is friendly and the environment always leads to the perfect quiet conversation.  It may not be the easiest location to find, but it is well worth looking for.
Talk about a great Mexican experience!  These guys are the bomb.  I always start with the queso fundido, and then any number of options (accompanied by a pitcher of their margaritas, of course).  Been coming here for over 10 year and will continue to do so.
Michael's used to be the best anywhere.  It held court in the Barbary Coast but it's food was better than The Venetian or The Mandalay Bay.  It was the first place in town to serve stone crab.  It was THE experience you couldn't miss.Now, however, out at the South Point, the quality has faded.  The waiters no longer strive so hard to create that one of a kind experience.  It's like they chose to get by on as little effort as they could.Sad to see the quality go so far to the south.  It's time to close the brand and put it ouot of it's misery.
Visually stunning and technically brilliant, this show has always amazed me and entranced me. Been a fan of this show for over 8 years. And if it's your first time to the show, ARRIVE EARLY. They have a preshow that you'll miss if you are late or even on time.
Great on so many levels.  Timely delivery to my home, as well as when dining in the restaurant.  The freshest of ingredients with enticing aromas the lure you in from the moment that you walk through the door.
Excellent food, excellent service a true gem of flavor, quality and price. The decor is fitting and the way the waitress says "enjoy" when your dish arrives is as alluring as the food. The desert is a simple orange slice with whipped cream and chocolate stick yummy.
It's ok not mind blowing. I guess I'm over fruited beer and the hipster vibe. Nevertheless the place is good with a variety of tasty beers and the expansion helped with seating but now there are dogs everywhere....  Worth a trip if you haven't been.
I read the other reviews about Golden Nugget after I had already paid for my rooms..I was pleasantly pleased to find everything just fine there..Rooms was large, clean & no problems..We had 3 rooms & only 1 had to ask to have it changed & that's because it was next to a noisy elevator ..Both check in & check out was very pleasant.Had a great weekend. & will def go back..
Fast & pleasant service two days in a row..Hubby had Turkey, Avocado Eggs Benedict both days..I had a typical bacon, eggs. & potato breakfast the first day., but the subconscious day I had the famous pancakes & bacon..They come with. 3 homemade jellies..So delish..I also had a shrimp cocktail .. All shrimp no filler.  Yummy
This place is AMAZING! The food is so delicious! The service is great! I will definitely be back and recommend this place to everyone!!!
It's been 3 weeks now and my tint looks great and feels great!  I wish the photos I took did it justice.  I have to say that the customer service AND follow up was great.  Yesterday, I got a postcard thanking me for my business and it just reinforced my thoughts on how great Eco-Tint is.  I wish I had another car to get done!  Haha!  Great business Mike.  I'll definitely be referring people and will always come here for tint.  Thank you!
I had been shopping at the one at Rainbow/Warm Springs, which I loved.  Just moved closer to this one on W. Trop.  And, I'm so happy that they are my new favorite store.  The employees are always friendly, helpful, and it's actually a joy to go grocery shopping, just like the one on Rainbow/Warm Springs.  Everyone from every department has been nice and friendly and very welcoming.  And, the parking in this store is much better.  The last time I was there, I quizzed a manager on when is the busiest times, when they do their stocking, when is the best time to shop, etc., and he was MORE than helpful.
One of, if not the best pizzas I've had here in Vegas.  Got the Sicilian and was definitely impressed.  I will be back soon!
This place is close to home, and I went for a quick dinner after seeing the menu and the happy hour specials.  I thought I was going to get some small, barely edible appetizers, and it would still cost me a ton of money and that I would soon regret this decision....but I went anyways.Well.......I will definitely be back!  Their $5.00 happy hour appetizers are GREAT!  Big portions, great taste, and friendly staff.  We had a total of 6 appetizers (nachos, quesadilla, wings, spring rolls, cheese sticks, crab cakes) and 5 drinks.......drum roll.......the bill was $40.00 even.  So their advertised prices include tax.  Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Met Jack Jacobs through a client of mine a few weeks ago.  Was impressed with his customer service so this week, I signed up for auto insuance for 2 vehicles plus roadside assistance and another policy.  Very happy with the policies not to mention the customer service from everyone else in the office.  Very welcoming.  If you need auto, home, or a rental policy, or just need AAA roadside, see Jack.
Had never tried their pizza before, but now that they've opened 3 miles from my home, I couldn't wait to give them a try.  EXCELLENT!  I am ordering again in a couple of days for dinner again.  I ordered the 1/4 sheet (6 slices) with pepperoni.  I can't wait to try more items on the menu.
SALES UPDATE:  This place is the best.  My mother leased a new Rogue about 2 months ago.  Her salesman, David Froemming, was the best.  I had a 2012 Altima that was totaled 2 months ago, so I was in need of a new car and there was no question where I was going.  I called to schedule an appointment with David, but was told he was on vacation through the end of the week.  I decided to rent a car until he came back and the other day, I purchased a 2017 Rogue.  Their sales department is fantastic and David is the best!
Been here a couple times and they never dissappoint.  The food is always great, great portions and the staff is very friendly.  Glad it's close to home.  Way better than most of the other Hawaiian places in town.
Meh, it's alright.Honestly, after a couple of slices, every pizza tastes the same. They do have a large variety though and on request, they can make a special pizza for you.Overall, it's an ok place when you wanna spend about $7
Walked in at 10 PM, waited 10 minutes, was acknowledged by the bartender, 5 minutes later still got no service. Walked out without even ordering. It's a shame because it seemed like a fun place.The place seemed really cool from the outside and driving by I always I wanted to go. Recommended that a friend and I come here and was very disappointed. I hope this place gets it together, I think it has potential but service really needs to improve.
I want to eat El Burro's chile relleno burrito everyday! So tasty, and it's already all chopped up in there, so you don't need a knife and fork like with most chile relleno dishes. Great guac, too.
Best pizza ever...Trust me, it's worth the drive and planning around their limited hours.
Absolute worst service. I have never been treated so rudely. Food was cold. Managers girlfriend was even rude. Floor was sticky and food sub par.
Cachitos is a great establishment. The owners are super friendly and willing to chat with you.  it really feels like the old Venezuelan times when people will go out to panaderias to eat breakfast.The cachitos are even better than what you find in Venezuela. Flavors are good but not overpowering.  Favorite flavors are ham & cheese, cheese and salmon. Never really tried the sweet versions so I can speak of them.Getting there about 20 minutes after opening will most likely guarantee a warm, fluffy cachitos.A must stop for my family when visiting Montreal.
I took my Richo Wide Lense camera in for repair in 2000 when I lived in Canada. The staff kept my camera for themselves and refused to return it after I wrongfully assumed they would repair it for a fee. It was in the Markham Town Centre. I just think they are thieves and opportunists with no sales talent. They prey on the weak and vulnerable just like any other predator. Thumbs down to all of them...
Stayed in the summer hotel in 1996 and someone in the staff gained entry to my room and stole my watch and jewellery and likely pawned it off for money. Other than that I had a roof over my head in a time of crisis and I met some cool friends.
Great service! I usually get my food to go, safely knowing I will enjoy it same way as I would if dining in. Yum!
You won't see many reviews for bars on my help feed- i'm not a big drinker and I just don't happen to frequent a lot of bars a cocktail lounges.However, during my last trip to Vegas in November we happen to discover this fun little bar in the middle of the casino at the Wynn.It has two sections- on the up section you are at the casino level. The town section is on the lower level where guests can sit on the patio with a lovely view of the waterfall.They have couches and chairs that are really comfy - you could tell they want you to stay and drink:) They offer a really great wine by glass selection!! That always makes me happy.The cocktails were delicious and made really well. The servers were adorable, cute and all about Vegas. As you're enjoying your cocktails, beer or wine they serve a chip and nut mixture that's delicious! Are the drinks pricey? Hell yes it's Vegas. I do think that the days of the $3.95 ribeye steak and $2.95 amazing buffets are over. Everything is gonna cost you in Vegas. We didn't get a chance to watch any of their little shows by the waterfall but the chatter we heard was that they were silly, comical and really funny.It's just a nice little spot to meet up with friends, check in and have a drink.Loved it :)
You have no idea how badly I wanted to give this place five stars I just couldn't- it's Italian restaurant if you can't get the pasta right forget about it.Ok - here goes: on a recent business trip to Vegas one of the restaurants that caught our eye was Chef Paul Bartolotta's - Bartolotta Ristorante di Mare at the Wynn. Chef Paul offers a pretty simple straightforward Italian menu that is touted as being out of this world because he imports 1.5 tons of FRESH NOT FROZEN seafood each week from cities that lie along the coast of the Mediterranean. My spouse who was born and raised in northern Italy sat up and took notice as many of the food items on this menu hadn't crossed his lips since was a teenager and young adult- so it was a no brainer to try it out. And besides all that's it's Las Vegas! And Las Vegas is all about once-in-a-lifetime experiences and this Chef won his share of awards so why not.I made sure I booked well in advance which is a very smart thing to do. I also booked early because I wasn't sure how long dinner would take - I really don't like eating late in the evening and I wanted to take my time. This place I would describe as semi-dressy. I wore slacks and a very dressy blouse. My spouse wore slacks, very nice open shirt no tie or jacket. They do not allow for instance, flip-flops, shorts of any kind, athletic wear, or pool wear.We had three servers and a wine sommelier. Upon arrival there is a big bar to the left and a winding staircase that has the most unique looking chandelier I've ever seen completely made up of fish! As we proceeded down to our table to core was done and creams and white and gold with all kinds of decorations from the sea.After we were seated, welcomed,  and our drink order was taken our head waiter who is from Ireland greeted us and rolled out their fresh fish cart. It was amazing to see what in a while we would be eating. It doesn't get get much fresher than that. We began with SCAMPI VIVI - renowned as 'the single best live langoustines on the planet' Just be prepared :large .... $30. each - extra large .... $35. each - jumbo .... $40. each - extra jumbo .... $45. each. ( that's for each shrimp) I personally have never had this kind of shrimp before and it was worth every single, solitary, morsel, delicious, amazing, orgasmic biteWe then decided "You only live once" so we ordered the Bravo's Top Chef menu at 180.00 clams per person. They bring you the best of the best.They served us the following in small plates:alici marinati which were marinated Mediterranean anchovies. they were not my flavor but my spouse inhaled them:)Insalata di piovra Ligure which is Ligurian octopus salad, olive oil, lemon. The texture was tender and perfect.Saute di vongole sauted clams, white wine, tomato. These clams however we're from Washington state - although fresh I was disappointed. Don't misunderstand they were delicious but I was under the impression they would be coming from Italy.cappesante dorate con porcini - these were seared sea scallops, porcini mushrooms, parmigiano-reggiano - they were deliciougrigliata mista di gamberi, scampi, aragosta - grilled shrimp, langoustine, spiny lobster - another huge hit!!!ravioli di ricotta con caciotta Toscana - sheep's milk ricotta ravioli, pecorino cheese, Marsala wine glaze. LOVED THIS!And this is where things began to go sideways hence 4 stars not 5. :( :( :( rigatoni con scorfano e melanzane rigatoni, clams, scallops, shrimp, lobster, cuttlefish, octopus. The seafood was fine but the pasta was way under cooked. Chewy. risotto ai frutti di mare - risotto, clams, scallops, shrimp, lobster, cuttlefish, octopus. Again the seafood was fine but the result though was crunchy and we sent back *twice*.penne con ragu di crostacei - penne, lobster, shrimp, crab, white wine, tomato. This was undercooked and weird. Way too much tomato with beautiful beautiful seafood.Now the shining star of the night besides the amazing shrimp was a whole fish that was prepared in rock-salt called  Brazino which is European Sea bass. Delicate and lovely served with a light lemon sauce. It's filleted and carved and serve table-side over capers and lightly sauted zucchini.Heavenly.For dessert they served a sinfonia di dolci or a symphony of desserts. They were all lovely and delicate and a great way to end the evening.The other piece to this that I found odd- there was no wine pairing offered with this amazing chef's tasting. So feedback to the restaurant: offer wine pairing! You have this amazing wine steward who really knows his stuff that could make you money and showcase your seafood even more as well as your amazing wines. And of course if the pasta isn't prepared correctly it can really wreck the main part of the dish. Crunchy risotto is icky. Service: impeccableWe dropped over $500. It was an experience of a lifetime. If you can and you love seafood you should give this a try at least once.
We didn't stay here- we were doing the casino crawl and were roaming from casino to casino checking the strip out. The Bellagio is a classic tried and true :)It needs some touch up work but it's still the Bellagio :)
I'm laughing as I write this - looking at my scribbles ( yes I keep notes don't judge I'm old! )I remember the very first time I came to Las Vegas and I disembarked from the plane no more than 50 feet from the ramp I spied slot machines and I laughed and I laughed, got excited like a little girl and plenty in a few coins and I think I want to hundred bucks!  Glitz and flash just like the strip:) They get your money the moment you enter the state and they try to take your money as you leave the state.This airport is busy - oh my God busy. It's a mini Atlanta or a mini Chicago O'Hare airport. Security stinks - and speaking of stinking so does the  airport like old stale cigarettes, booze, and hang overs. Back to security - there are always long lines, security is slow - there are never enough beds and they don't refill. Take some feedback TSA McCarran let's tighten it up and get it together.The food situation is meh - lots of unhealthy, fast food crap. Not many restaurants pass a cutie which is a shame. The Wi-Fi is slow. Power outlets to charge phones are sparse. Hailing a taxi is a challenge. Okay so I have to say this - every airport facility needs to go visit PDX and TAKE NOTES do you see how a real city airport should be run. I'm just sayin.But hey it's Vegas - and we fly in with a great attitude and excitement of this being party central and we fly home sad, hung over and poor!!
Had a great time at this bar!! My friend Mike and I did a road trip to Arizona and we ended up hanging out here 3 nights in a row!  Everyone was cool to us.  I have to give props to the women that work there dancing and bartending.  They were very entertaining and friendly.  The bouncers were really cool to us.  They recognized us and treated us like brothers.  Thanks! :)
upsell upsell overcharge overcharge  thought i would try this place again- was there twice in past year, each time they try to upsell you on their greasy pizza- ordered 2 slices and they charged extra for cheese- (doesn't pizza come with cheese?)repeat they charged extra for cheese- im serious, when i questioned it, she removed the charge, but i left, as i remembered my neighbor reminding me as to thier desperate upsell rip off tactics. do not waste your time at this place- and the pizza box is dripping with grease  greasy spoon pizza
clueless -lady destroyed my phone -bought in a samsung galaxy s5 with cracked glass, she said 30 minutes, 2 hours later while waiting in sweatbox waiting area got phone with white bordered glass-had black, clueless lady said out of glass, phone worked intermittent -almost unusable, came back next day , clueless lady said 5 min to put correct glass in, again 35 min later phone still working erratic, she made up bsc story about glue drying in 12 hrs-bullcrap phone touchscreen working erratic-only picks up random xommands-after 3 hrs wasting my time in 2 trips, i was forced to buy new phone -lady thinks i'm a boomerang and can keep coming back while she figures out what she is trying to repair-total rip off and waste of time -phone worked perfectly the when i bought it in, "cosmetic" replacement of glass rendered my phone basically inop-used to have my iphone repaired at this place when raul owned it, but greedy punk lady does not have a clue about samsung galaxy s5 glass r/r -had to cancel out of town trip because phone was inop, with no time to repair -she kept saying come in and i'll fix it-i have zero confidence in her touching my phone and was without fully operational phone until i went to attend and bought new phone -guess if your an unemployed bum and have days to sit and wait until she gets a clue on what she is doing, then this dump is for you -Better Business Bureau complaint will be filed
was there thursday 6/29, witnessed the lady in front of me in drive through harassed by sleazeball drug addict pounding on her car begging for money, lady drove off, as i pulled up and paid for my order same looser drug addict trailer trash pounded on my  vehicle hood asking for money- i raised hell and scared him off- almost had to display firearm- lady attendant didn't seem to care as i bitched at her asking why this is allowed- no response- last time ever at this mismanaged crackhead/bum/looser/trailer trash hangout - i was a good customer - never again-   they cater to the drug addict panhandling crowd and welcome their aggressive panhandling
Chandler Location. The dressing room attendants are quite pissy! Otherwise, It's ok. Some of their clothes are so super duper UGLY and I wonder who would ever buy such an awful garment! Just be prepared to do a lot of flipping through racks If you want to fine something cute.
Wow!! We hired five star for help unloading after moving in. Craig was great and these guys (Roger, Jay and Jordan) were professional, polite, strong & fast! They unloaded a 26' truck full in 2 hours (put everything in appropriate place). They have a 3 hour minimum, so they went to work assembling furniture. I was impressed for sure & will only hire this company in the future. We've hired movers before (out of town) & had a bad experience, a good one & this excellent one. Love them, thank you guys!!
Tech 4 Life is very good at what they do with all things computer related and I just wanted to thank Steve for the consultation today. He is a great resource for home and business computer systems and reasonably priced. He knows his stuff. We are lucky to have Steve and his team up here in Cave Creek & Carefree.
Very nice store - great for the rock hounds out there - good combination of jewelry and petrified wood, rocks, even some Local Meteorites and other gift items. Great place to take yourself and out of town visitors. Very Arizona and Very Carefree. I bought a beautiful Moonstone Pendant and had lots of sizes to choose from. Nice people and a very nice store in Carefree, AZ - Sundial Circle - Spanish Village.
This is a Great Local Florist in Carefree and in Scottsdale too. You really can trust them for quality and service. The owners are very nice and the selections are great. It smells so wonderful in their shops. Beautiful displays! Great prices too.
Really beautiful 90 minute nature cruise. We went on Sunday morning May 5th. It's a real deal at $20.00 and we had an Entertainment Book Coupon for Buy One Get One Free. Bald Eagle nest with babies & rare Crested Saguaro. Priceless. The captain and crew are great and they have a little snack and drink bar. They play the song "I Love You Arizona" and it is really touching. Very fun time - Highly recommended.
Really nice wine tastings on Fridays at 6pm to 8pm. Always great wines at great prices. We go when we can and find different wines we might not have tried if it wasn't for the wine tastings.
Wow, what a great Birthday meal we had. Ceasar salad made table side - really great - scallops & filet of sole - wonderful. Such a great variety. I hear they are having a July 4th Cave Creek Fireworks celebration Buffet and they have the best views for the Fireworks show. Very Special place. Thanks for the Birthday cheesecake.
Great company to help you with your garage storage needs. Bob is easy to work with. Great prices and professional!
I recently took 8 family and friends there for my Birthday Dinner. Everyone is very nice there and attentive. The Anti-pasta salad is my new favorite and I love the thin crust pizza. Friends had lasagna and chicken parmesan and all the food was really good. The only issue was our salads and garlic bread showed up very late but the staff was very nice about it and we were happy all in all. It's a fun, busy, vibrant place so expect to wait a bit. I prefer that actually - the food is fresh and good. We have been there 3 times now and will be back for sure. Great Prices too!
Great Dentist for all! Beautiful Office & Nice Caring Staff. They listen to you!!!***Great Cappuccino and healthy snacks!They go above and beyond and offer great services. They also support other local businesses in Cave Creek!
Studio C is a wonderful place to have a relaxing Manicure and Pedicure. Baylee was very professional and so very pleasant to talk with. This was my first mani-pedi in a very long time and I'm very happy I picked Studio C! Everyone is nice and friendly and made me feel very welcomed and appreciated. Great attention to detail. Will return for sure and likely get gift certificates for my family and friends! Love the location in Carefree, AZ! Beautiful Place.
Saw Big Pete Pearson at Janey's in Cave Creek on Friday night. Really nice setting, great wine, beer and coffee/tea selections. Their patio is really beautiful - you are sitting in the desert with huge boulders watching a band and enjoying our cool nights with a couple of outdoor fires. Very comfortable, reasonable cover for the quality of the band. Big Pete was really fun to listen to. We will be back soon and bring our friends and family!
Took my family to dinner last night and everything was very, very good. I had the Special Red White and Blue Margarita and it was great too. The Hatch Chilis are nice, the 2 kinds of chips are great and you can ask for the Spicy Salsa too! I used my new Free Shopping / Restaurant App called VEEBOW and got $5.00 Off!!  It's always busy here which says a lot!
Very nice crew and excellent service today 2/11/14. They came out right away for an estimate but since is was raining that day I waited a week. Wow, my windows and screens are beautifully clean for a really, reasonable price. My windows had not been cleaned for at least 5 years and it was wonderful to see the difference. Thank you and for this price I will definitely do it more often, at least once a year!
Brisam's is a great local Cave Creek restaurant & bar. We have been going here for years and it's always good food and friendly people. It's a little hidden behind Tudor Time at Lone Mountain & Cave Creek Roads. We recently tried one of the chalkboard specials - Bacon & Jalapeno wrapped shrimp over a spinach salad - Wow, it was really good. We also had a stuffed baked potato. They are always trying something new but also have a regular menu of favorites. Pizza also is great. Thanks Steve and Crew!
Priceless Plumbing can do it all - they serviced our RO system filters and fixed a Hose Bib on our outside faucet. Very efficient and did a lot of little extra touches since our RO system is 10 years old and a bit outdated. He tested the water and it's still working fine. Very good pricing and I also had a $25.00 off coupon from the Cave Creek Town Planner Calendar. The tech. Israel is very professional and nice. I even got a little thank you pen and hand sanitizer. Nice - will use again for sure.
The Cantina Shooters were very good. Stuffed Jalapeno's with a cream sauce in a Shot Glass. Presentation was great. There were six of us on a Tuesday night - the place was hopping busy and everyone enjoyed their food and service from the Chili Rellenos, Cheese Enchiladas, Shrimp Tacos, Carne Asada. Some of us shared dishes - the portions are large. Also the Sopapillas with cinnamon Ice cream and whipped cream for dessert were great. Our server & hostess were very nice as we mentioned it was our first time here. Very lucky to live down the street - we will be back soon. Only negative was the wine and mixed drinks were pricey but the local draft beers are fairly priced. I imagine they have a nice happy hour and will check that out.
Really nice staff and great variety of coffees, teas & food! What more do you need! Thanks Red Hut!
Wow, Merle Norman is a great place to learn about unique Desert Skin Care in Carefree Arizona. Barb the owner offers makeovers, tips and great advice specific to our climate and individual skin care needs. Very pleased with the products and service. Great to have a skin care expert so close.
Very helpful. Knew exactly what I needed (a grappling hook) and pointed me in the right direction. I will use them again. Very nice.
Great Local Phoenix Business Resource - Thanks
This is a really great, casual, BBQ place. We are there at least once a week and I am so happy I got a signed copy of Bryan's CookBook for my Birthday. I already made the Baked Potato Salad! I'll leave the Pulled Pork and Brisket to Bryan - he has it down to an art. Good Food and Fun!
Very nice wine bar in Carefree, AZ. Great variety of wines of course, but also top notch food. Very cozy atmosphere - loved the downstairs cellar, it was very comfortable for our group of 5 - we had wine, appetizers & sandwiches - nothing was overly priced and it was all great. We will go back to try more things!
Had lunch with my sister. It was buy one get one free Summer Fridays! Great Deal.....Green Chili Burger with mixed Sweet Potato and Regular Fries was great! Fish & Chips were great also. The only negative was the Green Chili Burger wasn't as hot as I like my burgers. It is a very nice, well decorated place and we will be back for sure.
My Rugs are clean again! Thank you Carefree Floors - Great job. Great price. Nice local company. http://www.carefreefloors.com/ They showed up on time and in one hour all of my rugs (3 bedrooms and 2 area rugs were clean). I don't see their phone number listed here but it's 480-515-9999. Highly recommended.
One of the best Pizza's I've had. It's a small place - only a couple of tables - Carry Out is their main business. Medium Wings were great also and Fresh Salad. Wish they had real dishes and utensils though - I don't like all that Styrofoam - maybe they could find a more eco-friendly product.
My sister and I were looking for Thai food in Cave Creek and were happy to see Z's Asian Fusion. We have a very wonderful lunch special. We had Egg Drop Soup / Crab Wonton /  Pad Thai and Orange Chicken and Iced Tea. We like spicy and were able to have complete control by adding their wonderful sauces to our dishes. Everything was great and we look forward to bringing the rest of the family soon. Also look forward to Happy Hour Specials they sounded really great. See you soon!
Cute Place, Nice People, Great Food - Good Cactus League watching place! Great Burger & Pork Taco's
Great Food and Fun. We tried them when they were at Carefree Brix Wine Bar. Had never done a food truck before and the lamb with salad was really great. Looking forward to seeing them again in Cave Creek.
Sunday May 7th - Beautiful Sunset Ride. The Cowboy Guides who helped us were very nice and attentive. Sorry I don't remember their names but they did a Great Job with a large group! The trail was beautiful and had great weather for May so that was lucky. Will always take interested Visitors to Spur Cross Stables! it is a Fun, Unique Adventure!
Gallagher's on Carefree Highway and Black Mountain Parkway has a great new menu. Their Happy Hour from 3 to 7 has some really great priced food & drinks. I had 3 chicken street tacos for $5 and a glass of wine for $2 Friday. Looking forward to trying the other menu items. They have great Friday fish fry also! Nice place, Nice People!
Very nice - had the best Bacon Bloody Mary. Great Burgers and the Pork Chili is very nice and spicy. So happy that I live right off Carefree Highway!
Ace Hardware in Carefree is really nice. Friendly employees and they have great deals. I signed up for the Ace Rewards program for more deals.
Tobias is a wonderful local car and truck repair. We have been using them for 4 years and I can't say enough about how professional, honest and thorough they are. Chuck, Chris, Jason the whole crew is nice. They keep you informed! They also have a courtesy vehicle. Such a great Local - Cave Creek - complete auto care. Thanks!
Went to happy hour on Sunday 2 to 5. It's nice they have happy hours on the weekend too! Everything was great. The Fries, The Cheddar Burger w/salad, the wines and beer are 1/2 off too!  Everything was fresh and they try to buy locally grown stuff. Nice!
We really like the Bang Bang Shrimp. There are 8 large shrimp w/slaw and a spicy drizzle. Great for sharing!!! Pizza has nice crust and we can get a Gluten Free Crust for $2 more and it is really good. A little smaller but tasty! We go quite often and it is consistently great! They are very attentive and if you share a meal they are very accommodating. All types of seating - lots of tables in the Bar and also regular seating. It's is Busy and we like that!!! Great Happy Hour Every Day usually 3 to 7pm but in July 11am to 7pm every day!
We hadn't been in a couple of months and decided to use a great coupon they sent to us. Everyone was very nice - The bread & salad was very fresh and the pizzas were great. I didn't get the Lasagna this time but I've had it before and it is really wonderful too. I recommend Cibo E Vino, it's a pleasant place to eat! Enjoy!
We went to the Rita's Ice Custard Happiness' Tatum Road - Grand Opening on 6/28 to check it out. Very delicious and refreshing.The Raspberry Ice and Chocolate Custard were both great and you can mix them if you want - it's called a Blendini I think. We will try more flavors very soon. I especially like the Name!!!
Always a fun place to shop for Beer, Wine, Bourbon etc...Nice wine tasting - free small tastes as it should be. Always find something new.
Really fun to visit. They were filming the day we stopped in on our way back to Phoenix - so we couldn't go in - but everyone was very nice and we watched the filming and took some pics.
We called Dynamic Door because our Garage Door was making a horrible screeching sound and we thought for sure since it's 11 years old that something very serious was wrong. Derrick came out and was able to fix the problem quickly and has very reasonable rates. We really appreciated his Knowledge and Honesty.
Wow, just had a wonderful lunch today - the Meatball Panino & Pizza are really great. The bread they serve on the side is very delicious also. Nice, casual place with great service.  Will be back very soon!
This is a great Med Spa in Carefree / N. Scottsdale. They are very caring and made me feel at ease as this was the first time I had done anything like this. I have had one treatment so far using the Pelleve system. It has made a noticeable difference especially with my eyelids - they got a Real Lift. The before and after pics are amazing and it continues to stimulate collagen growth in my face for a month or so after treatment. I am at 3 weeks now and can really tell the difference. Highly recommended - so happy I found them. Another reason to check out Carefree Sundial Circle!
i like browsing thru bookmans, they collected alot of oldies and goodies from old vinyl records to cd's..etc...the only problem i have with bookmans is there trade-insi understand they need to make a profit and trust me they do make  alot of profit but getting a few bucks when you know they sell it for 10x more than what they gave you i was angry!! heres an example i was watching a kid and his mom turn in a ps2 and couple games, would you believe the pretty much gave them a few lousy dollars or store credit?? like WTF? the mom was shocked and ofcourse the kid didn't no any better, the mom was trying to convince her kid to go somewhere else but the kid ofcourse thru his fit cause he wanted money to go and buy a ps3 go figure...anyways so i can only imagine how many people they have ripped off, sure they didn't have to sell it to them but cmon be fair about it
Customer Service at best! The owner is the most down to earth friendliest mechanic/owner I know and will help you anyway he can for a good reasonable price,  I highly recommend this place!  Just went in for spark plugs to change and he did the whole 9 yards and checking to make sure everything else was good.  Even as he's mechanic was working and finishing up the job, and he was busy with another client, he saw me ready to take off and he approach me saying, thank you for your business and if there is any other problem come back and he'll fix the problem and he shook my hand, now that's class act.   Usually other mechanic shop I went to, once they collect the money, and pretty much off you went, of course they say thank you, but never heart felt like the owner at this shop, he actually cares!
Went there for lunch with a couple of my co-workers because they haven't been there before.  Of course anything downtown looking for parking is horrible, but as long as your parking on cityscape parking area they can stamp it so no need to pay for parking.  Service was eh, no one was there to greet us right away, I think they just happen to walk away as we entered, to maybe seat someone before us.  Anyways it wasn't packed because we just got there before it did, well it took a few minutes till we got seated.  No server came to us for a good 5-10 minutes, and we were like WTH there's not that  much people in here yet, anyways our server finally came and focus on us for awhile, while we decided what we wanted and she started looking around like she was ignoring us, it seems like she was looking or waiting on someone.  As soon as she got our order she immediately went to a table of older guys who just happen to be seated(I'm assuming there regulars/big tippers) she was flirting with them which i don't care, but at least put our order in 1st and then flirt!! Well since it was our lunch break and time was not on our hands, and the food finally came, but we said if we could have it to go now, because we needed to go back to work, she gave us a dirty look and a big sigh but i'll give her credit she smiled when she did that, but hey if she only put our order first we would have gladly eaten there. Anyways overall my co-workers wasn't impress with the place, I've gone there a few times and yes it has happen to me before, but I went when it was busy and that day it wasn't that busy right away.  Were gonna try twin peaks hopefully there service is better, sorry tilted  kilt :(
The only thing I don't like, is when you apply online for credit.  The sales guys calls you up, like really?!? I went down and talked to them already and I just wanted to see if I could apply online without them talking to me, because I already talked to them at the store, but at that time I didn't want to feel like I was pressured into buying something right there and now.  So I figured applying online and see what kind of credit I can get. so that way I feel like I can take my time on choosing the product I like within my range of credit.  If I knew applying online would have them call me then I would not even try to apply online, defeats the purpose on telling everyone apply online, but will call you anyways.  :/
First time eating here, and I love chinese food, but first impression of taste was really not to be desired for, I was so disappointed.  It was bland, there fried rice was gross, sorry.  I ordered there House Chicken, and I love to to try different house chicken from different restaurants, and this is far the worst I've ever had, I just took 2 bites and that was it.  I couldn't bare it.  Don't get me wrong, it was edible but not for my taste buds.  I only enjoyed there crab puffs that came with it.
Price went up, which is still not bad $7 and kids are still a dollar, but if they go any higher on prices I wouldn't go to the drive inn as much as I would now.
Coming from Hawaii finding good local food in Az can be a challenge, but I gave them 5 stars only because every time the cook sees me, he knows what I want and the cashiers has been pretty nice, they try to be all Aloha even though there haoles but eh they were nice.  I've have several different plates, some impressed me, some didn't but overall, if your hungry they load it up, and that's why I love it!! I love their roast pork with chicken katsu one of my fav. combo.Update 2016: They started to charge me extra ever since they started having their family members run the cash register.  Example, if I get the bbq mix plate and I don't like meat, I substitute that for chicken and they said okay, but at first I didn't realize they charged me extra to do that, so I was a little irritated that she didn't say nothing. So I went the next following week and ordered the same thing, and I said, are you charging me extra? and she said yes? I said why? I never use to get charged?...So she said, oh it's because you change item we charge extra? I was like umm..but the meat cost more expensive then the chicken? And i've been coming here for years.  I ask to see if the owner was there because he knows what I always order, but new cooking staff now, so disappointed on the service.  Food still good, but now I cut back on eating there, not because of the charge extra, because I felt the customer service was not as par like the previous cashiers.
This is a hit and miss, seems like they opened when they feel like, I had there chicken it was good, but not the Wow factor, wanted to keep trying different food there, but like I said, it's one of those hit and miss if there open or not. I heard the owner was ill, but they could have at least put a sign up and letting us customers know about it, oh well If I drive in that side of town and if it's open great, if not oh well
It was ok, coming from hawaii i've had my share of plate lunches I mean I eat that regularly for lunch, but I heard about aloha kitchen I was pretty excited.  I had there katsu which I was kind of disappointed, because it was so dry.  I can't see how people would think there food is great, it's ok, i'm surprised their mac salad was good. I've gone their a few times just to try out other foods, but what can I say, it was ok, LnL portions alot better and tastier for me, but to each his own i guesss...Aloha, Aloha Kitchen, not eating there anytime soon
I've had regular oil change and maintenance routinely and had no problems with them, they are very nice and pleasant.  They will notify you if they see something wrong and give you a quote on how much it  will cost to fix it.  Also they can install things for a fee if it's not their product and you just wanted to add to your vehicle, which is nice.
I brought in my car around October 2016 my transmission was slipping gears and wouldnt move until im at 2000 rpms so 202 fixed it for 3100 $it started slipping again and not going through gears properly so in march 2017 i drove it to them explained what was happening they checked the fluid level then tol me its fine  well two more times i went back they kept telling me the same crap then finally i went over on mileage on the warranty then they said basically we can look at it but charge me again . Wtf really .so now im at the nissan dealer they're telling me the same codes as when i brought it in to 202. Here goes another 3000 $ because 202 didnt want to look into it when i brought it to them . DO NOT BRING ANYTHING TO THEM TO BE FIXED....
Stayed here for a few nights on a random getaway my boyfriend planned. The hotel itself was very nice  with a more modern look to it, Should mention that we stayed on the 53rd floor. Would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for HOUSEKEEPING GOING THROUGH MY PURSE. I don't like to bash on businesses but I'm someone who reads reviews to help make a decision on things and I would want to know what to beware of. I had left my purse zipped close on one of the bottom shelves of the desk right before we went out to come back after housekeeping was in to find it fully unzipped spread open. As you can imagine I was furious with this and called the hotel to notify them. Security came up and took a report and I received a call a day after we checked out from hotel management. They took $115 off what we payed but at the end of the day I don't think I will ever visit that hotel again. What's $115 to knowing someone has gone through your personal belongings while you were out. Very unfortunate that one person can make such a negative impact. I really hope they follow up with that issue so that it doesn't happen to anyone else. The only other thing that was wrong there was that every time after the shower was used the whole restroom would smell bad. Pretty sure it had something to do with their drains but it almost smelt like sewage or vomit. Without those two issues I really would have given it 5 stars.
I used to love this place and they always did a great job. But I went in Tuesday for a gel manicure and already have a huge chip in my nail. Now this would maybe be reasonable if I did the dishes or scrubbed the floors-however I have done neither! I'm disappointed because I haven't done anything unusual and have a quite noticeable chip. My nails usually last at least three weeks. This wasn't even 48 hours.Edited to add-as expected excellent customer service as the owner already responded, less than 15 minutes after my original comment. Can I come in over the weekend to have it fixed?
Went on a Thursday night. We sat outside and the service was good. Our waitress was really cool and was great about checking up on us.HOWWWever, a friend of mine and i shared the Buffalo Chicken dip and we both got violently ill. When we first got the dip, we were both a little hesitant because it didn't look great. We went ahead and tried it and it tasted alright. I'm really regretting that decision though seeing as we have both been sick all day!! Don't get the Buffalo Chicken Dip - trust me.
Disclaimer -- i had my food delivered -- i did not eat in the restaurant.The sesame chicken was ok - kind of soggy, but still decent i guess if you are hungry enough.The pan fried dumplings were also soggy but ok. The dipping sauce tasted watered down.The bubble milk tea was AWFUL!!!!! The tea was ok but the boba were absolutely terrible - hard, chalky, weird consistency and taste. I was very disappointed because i love bubble tea and was really looking forward to it...... :-/
One evening after a long day at work my garage door decided not to close. Matt came, despite the late hour and gave me all my options (which I personally appreciate). He replaced the springs and a few other things which needed doing and was amazingly pleasant and answered all 100 of my (probably annoying) questions without hesitation. Priced fairly, great attitude, and definitely on my "will see you again when I need you" list!  Matt of Stellar scores 100%
Didn't realize the wife and I been here twice. When we're in vegas we always try something new. This must be good for us to try again.
The wife and I are big fans of Chef Gordon. The burgers and service did not disappoint. We will definitely be back for the onion rings...
Great service, I don't understand how there is a lot of negative comments. Ndnxnxnnxnxnxnxnnxnxnxndbbxbxbxbbxbxbbxbxbxbbxbxbbxhdhdhdhdhdhhxhxhdhhxhxhhxhxhxhhxhxhhxhxhxhhxhxhxhhxhxhhxhxhxhhxhxhhxhxhxhxhxhxhxhhxhxhxhhxhxhhxhxhxhhx
Worst service ever! Had a group of people there for a celebration. As guest were leaving, our waiter kept asking them to pay in cash (which they did). At the end of the night, he said that no one paid him and we were stuck with the entire bill. This is ridiculous! The waiter pocketed the cash and them claimed that he didn't receive anything. Oh yea, did I mentioned that he also asked if he could buy drugs?! Asked to speak to management about this, no response.
Very fresh and clean option for the Tempe area. Great vibe and the workers were polite and friendly. For a place that has great salads and shows football, that's a win for me. I will make this a regular spot for lunch!
I called ahead to see if the Ravens vs Red skins would be on a TV and was assured that it would be. I have been twice prior and knew the tv selection would be limited hence why I called ahead. I got to the bar less then 10 minutes later and the same person who did remember my call told me she could not show the game. Poor service, ok food and pure lies to get you in the door.
Asked two people if they carried creme fresh and both had no idea or even tried to help. Once I got to the check out line there was about 7 people in line, 5 of which had only a handful of items. It took way to long  to check out. Never going back, other better options around.
Called ahead and they lost my order. That's the reason you order take out is so you don't have to wait. Had to reorder and now I am waiting on my food... don't know how it will taste but if they blow my mind I may upgrade this rating to 3...  not really a good business.
Great service and great food. I got the veggie Pho and it was great. Extremely clean with a nice vibe. I will come back!
Clean, hot food, solid service.  Went in not expecting much and loved how many tv's were on different events.
Great serves with fast food delivery. This is my second time in here and loved both times. Great morning atmosphere with a clean environment. Came in on a Sunday morning early and it was not overcrowded!
If you are not a regular do NOT go here. Service sucked. I mean was just terrible. I first ordered nachos and they came out wrong.  They had to redo them and then the cheese was not melted... I next ordered garlic fries that took 20 minutes and they came out cold.  The chef did come out and did more service then my waitress.
Halla did a fabulous job on my sisters hair. My family that live here recommended this salon and have nothing but good things to say about the ladies here.
I came here while I was in town visiting family and the lady wouldn't allow me to use the 15% coupon for my Yelp check in. She said since it was for my niece that she can get a student discount on Thursdays. After explaining the story to my cousin that lives here she explained she encountered issues in the past. All I can say is if they're not going to allow you to use the discount don't offer it.
Whenever I recommend places to check out in Vegas I never fail to mention this establishment. The food is phenomenal, the drinks are superb, and the service is fantastic. Make sure to bring your appetite because this place does not play around with their gigantic portions. Definitely a place you have to check out on your journey to food euphoria.
Matthew has really helped us out.  I have never had desert landscaping and he knew what every single one of those plants were.  Of course he could have just been making things up that sounded Latin, hmm.  Just kidding, he's kept our yard looking great.  He also helped us at the nursery when we needed to buy new plants.  I would have chosen everything wrong for the sun and heat.  The yard is always evolving so we look forward to working with Matthew for a long time into the future.
We had Sue and her crew cater our wedding celebration last weekend and they did a fantastic job.  I would highly recommend this company.  Sue was great from the start with helping us stay in our budget but give us food that tasted outside of our budget.  She always answered my e-mails quickly and really helped choose the menu.  I recommend the mashtini bar, it was a big hit.  We also had alot of appetizers that were passed and everyone enjoyed the crab cakes, bruscetta, mushrooms etc.  (They were also a hit the next day.) They helped poor the champagne, cut the cake, all that stuff that needs to be done.  They were very nice and made sure the bartender had everything he needed. They brought everything and cleaned up great.  Thank you Sue and Straight to the Plate
First time I've ever had a facial and I cannot believe I've waited so long.  Amber did a wonderful job.  The ambiance is very soothing and relaxing.  I had read a few reviews about the nice music and I really have to agree.  It's not your normal, birds and tropical sounds or waves crashing, it was just nice calming music.  The organic products felt really good.  I did have a bee chase me later when I got home, I think that was the honey.  lol.  But I didn't even care because my face felt great.  The hand/foot massage were a added bonus/surprise.I have already booked my next facial and I have and will suggest Sage to friends.
Just had delivery for 1st time yesterday and I was so happy to finally find a Chinese restaurant in the area that was good.  I have tried several over the years and usually they are way to greasy, chewy or bland.I had the Mongolian beef and I really liked it.  I had the lunch special, good price, so I also had their egg roll and crab puff.  It was all really good.  Our office ordered so we received free pot stickers with the larger order, we all enjoyed them.I will be calling them again and trying different items on the menu.
We just had Prime give us our flu shots for our office and I have say thank you very much.  Faith is an awesome shot giver, didn't even feel it.  And thanks Dr. Patric for keeping us all healthy.
We just had Brad out yesterday to clean all our windows in/out and he did a fantastic job.  He was on time and even though it took longer than estimated he kept on going and got the job done.  We have alot of windows....alot.  He stuck with his quoted price, which I appreciate.Brad was professional and friendly.  We will use Brad in the future and recommend him.
We used to go to Ticoz but lately just hadn't made it over.  I did the Groupon and was very happy we did.  We had a great lunch.  We had the guacammus app and it was good but I wasn't thrilled.  We also had the burger and chicken torta.  I always like the torta but that burger was awesome.  It was so good, will get the burger in the future for sure.We stuck with ice tea since we had to work but they kept them filled at all times.The groupon thing was really cool, they zapped it right from my phone.  Everything went smoothly and we will for sure go back.
We had August come out to help us with a fix on our pool.  He came out very quickly and was very helpful.  He had to come back the next day with the part we needed for our pop ups.  He didn't overprice us on the part or the labor.  It's been a couple weeks and the pool is running smoothly.  I will use Del Sol in the future.
Absolutely thrilled with the flowers and service.  I went in and they were so helpful picking out flowers for our celebration.  I told them my price range and they worked with me to find the perfect arrangements.  Delivery was right on time and he was very nice.  I will use them again and again in the future.
We've used Hey Bartender now for a couple events (work and personal).  Each time they have been great.  This last weekend we had Christian, he was early for set up and was ready for the first guests to arrive.  It really does make the party much easier when you don't have to worry about all the drink making, especially with our crowd.  I heard he made a great margarita from several of the guests.  I find it very easy to work with Hey Bartender.  Chad always gets back to me when I have questions, it takes away the stress.Thanks Hey Bartender.
I be been going to bosa for years. I will go out of my way just to get get donuts. Everyone hates me but loves me when they are eating heaven. Nomnomnom......
It was my first time at the sub shop and it was amazing. Loaded sandwiches and nice people in in the rush hour or lunch time. Melted in my mouth. Must go here....
Has the candy I use to eat when I was a kid. Its hard to find candy that you want but not here. Obess.... Must come in am see this amzimg place.
My bff turn me to this store and when I walk in I was a kif in a candy store. So Mich beautiful stuff for the right price in there. I love there lotion which was amazing. There bracelet are gorgeous. Who am I kinding. Everything is gorgeous in this store.
I love thin crust and this is heaven. Great prices and great service..... I'm a pizza obesser...... Its hard to find great pizza but I'm glad I found here...
Omg... There variety of soup is amazing. Great wine selection. All around pleased.
Went for the first time and I have to say I was impressed. Great food but a little pricy. But it is definitely worth the money
I went to the softball complex for the 1st time and I was very impressed on how clean the bathrooms were and how beautiful the fields were. The staff are really amazing and nice.  I've played at many fields for softball and this is the best one by far. And they don't charge you a arm and a leg for the fees to play. I love that they put a cover over the dugout to block the sun. It's so nice having it shaded. I live 40 miles away from the complex and I will travel to papago because of all the a the comedies they have...
I found Dr. Weingarten to be professional and accommodating. I would recommend him to anyone needing ear/nose/throat issues to be addressed.
This is the best Thai food in the Las Vegas area.  Their curries, especially the Panang, is as good or better than any I've had around the world.  They are very willing to customize, to a point any of the menu items.  The staff is courteous and knowledgeable.  The restaurant is clean and comfortable.
My husband and I booked 3 two bedroom villa's, for this weekend since we were getting married. The Resort is very pretty and nice. But the people that work there are rude and really don't care about their customers. We had asked that all the room's be in the same building that way no one had to run around to different build's for the wedding. They were not in the same building and our building smelled like pot the whole time we stayed there. On top of that they hound you and hound you to buy a time share. Was not happy about them calling my mother hot mama, sexy mama. Having adults use the luggage cart to ride up and down the hallway running into walls. There was not cabinet doors in our kitchen. I will never, never, never stay there again. Was so upset how everything turned out there. Cancun Resort needs to improve a lot and learn how to treat their customers. Also their check in time is at 4pm and check out is at 10am.
My experience was less than ideal... I feel the office is unorganized and has a lack of communication. It's very frustrating to have people call you and ask the same "stock" questions over and over without them even reviewing notes about the previous calls. Their "follow up" calls to check on my injury / recovery status were useless as my answers to them resolved nothing... I was still in pain and was told they would set up an appointment with a doctor, 2 weeks later, someone different would call and ask the same "stock" questions. Meanwhile, I'm awaiting an appointment...... Also, anytime I would call the office to check on status of things, I was always told, "they are at lunch" , or " they are unavailable " never was I able to just call and speak with someone who was familiar with my case. I feel like I was not a priority because my case was small injury claim.
Excellent, professional and great Dentist. If you're in Scottsdale, you've got to come here first.
Fun place! :DGreat staff atmosphere (random Japanese cheers from the staff!), really tasty food. Not many vegetarian options. NOT a sushi place.Perfect for a youthful Japanese environment.
Really good place with friendly staff. One word of caution, if you're going just for drinks, you have to sit at one of the two bars. Tables are for people ordering food only.Great specials, good use of local ingredients, tons of microbrewery beers.
Great, friendly and accommodating. They stayed open late to allow the queue to get their Christmas gifts!
Was ok. Place is quaint. Not many food options. Asked for an americano coffee to arrive with my breakfast sandwich but the coffee never came. Food was good. Next time I'll try somewhere else.
Great little place. Gotta try the "Green Machine" grilled cheese!!Has about ten seats and can be busy. They have a couple of "house special" grilled cheese, and you can build your own. No fries (building code issue?), but they have vegetable chips.Very friendly staff. Also have espresso machine, good coffee.
Fun place, good selection. Would have voted higher, but when I was there the line-up was of over six people, and five staff were running around doing everything except serving customers. A little irritating.
Great bagels, fun cream cheeses, open twenty-four hours... what else ought I say? Good to go!
Wonderful diner. Massive mugs of great coffee, friendly "You want it, we'll do it" service, vegan and vegetarian options... For everyone. Love it.
Eh. Walking in it's your typical quaint local pizza store, which tries to sell all sorts of random things. Cleanliness was a bit dubious. Pizza was ok, but there's better in the area.
Decent burritos, incredible customer service. Consistently going above and beyond, they visibly work to go the extra mile.
Try the veggie taro spring rolls!Friendly staff, very accommodating. Their vegetarian menu items do NOT include chicken broth. Their vegetarian pad thai equally does not contain any fish ingredients.
Good pizza, lots of choice. I buy from here more than from the big names now.
The place wasn't very busy, but the two servers were all over the place. The portions were much smaller than another location I usually frequent and done somewhat carelessly (e.g. the toast has a small patch of butter in a corner, fruit badly cut, almost no hollandaise sauce on the small crepomelet).Unlikely I'll go to this location again.
The restaurant was nice, clean, the staff were friendly, but after 45 minutes I'd only received two of the four dim sum dishes I ordered even though they came by every ten minutes to check up on me. When I paid, the manager was apologetic but charged me for the two small dishes with barely an apology and I was looked down upon for not leaving a tip. Strange experience for me.
Pretty darn good pastries and a good menu to back it up. Truly a cafe. Coffee and croissant? Check. Omelette and coffee? Check. High-end French cake for a fancy or special event? Check.
I was very eager to see this restaurant open up. Leaside lacks a decent pub - the only downside this neighbourhood has for me.I've tried twice to go here. Both times I went alone and was told there would be a 25-minute wait in a way that made me feel less than welcome by the hostess. I would have been very happy at the bar, but the way in which I was told no made me not want to ask.Also, this is going to be of use to few, the menu offers very few options for vegetarians. The only veggie-friendly main courses are a mushroom and flax burger or a pasta with vegetables. Sucks if you hate mushrooms and I don't opt for a tavern or pub to eat pasta...Perhaps one day Leaside will get a fun and good pub like the Rebel House (even with its draconic seating policy) or the Caledonian. Not yet, though. Not yet.I'm not fond of writing negative reviews because I realise that many people have worked very hard to open this restaurant, but there you have it. It's how I feel.
I've gone there three times now.There's always a strange, strong smell that puts me off a bit, and can't place it. From the menu I expected typical breakfast food, but they put an Asian spin on it. It was good, but there was no jam, it was difficult to communicate with the server, and the table was cramped. I was asked to leave as soon as my plate was done as they wanted to give the table to a regular.They won't have to worry about me taking up one of their tables again.
So good! Great vegetarian restaurant with a dedicated vegetarian sushi chef!
Good place. Service is a bit crazy. Some were complaining of waiting twenty minutes for an omelette, others got their order in less than five. Don't take the table by the cash, they'll knock stuff onto your table, reach over you like you weren't there, etc. Otherwise very good. Solid portions. I was even offered take out coffee after my meal at no cost if I wanted!
Staff often overwhelmed to be attentive. Table setup clumsy, there are often groups of two at tables made for four and long line-ups. Why not have all tables for two that you can merge/separate and reduce the line up!
Good Idea, fun concept, decent chocolate. Both times I've gone they didn't have what I wanted, the nut clusters. They're always making them but only have one or two on hand. Also, I suggest calling ahead. I've gone twice to be received by closed signs because ... I'm not sure why. Good product, clumsy delivery.
Decent Italian food at a great price. Half the time the hot dishes are lukewarm.
Amazing staff, great food, wonderful single malt scotch selection. Try the fries in curry sauce!
Read many reviews that it's one of he best in Toronto. I appreciate that each order is made fresh form a small fryer and hope they were being true when they say they change the oil often. They didn't have some of the typical falafel toppings I enjoy most. The falafel was good, but not spectacular. Would go again, but not as a destination.
Attentive, patient staff, great selection. Sample it! Asking for suggestions leads to unexpected and fun options!
Food is decent, chefs/cooks are awesome, but servers are something to be experienced. I suggest you eat in, and listen to them complain and ridicule customers who call in. It's quite something. Imagine what they'll say about you when you're gone.
So I decided to be lazy for once because my car was filthy coming back from a road trip from California.  I gave these guys a try. They did a excellent job cleaning the car. But my car came back coverd in swirl marks. They use the same was bucket that they use to clean your wheels as they do to clean the more dirt ridden areas of the car. They started scrubbing my side skirts and lower parts of the car with the same bucket as my wheels. I waited about a hour for a wash getting there at 730am on a Sunday morning. Don't know if I would take my car back. Service was thorough but don't know if it's worth the price to get my paint corrected after the wash.
I have two gift cards that were presents for Christmas last year.  When I went to use them I was notified by the owner that the location in Independence closed.  She assured me that she would be opening a new place and the cards would be able to be used there.  I received a Facebook invite to like the page of her new business.  I did that and then sent her a message regarding the gift cards and setting up an appointment for a massage.  No response.  Sent another message. No response.  Very poor business practice.  Disappointed.
Judging from other reviews, maybe I just don't know what a "good" club is..?  I thought LAX was way fun!  Call me easy to please, I guess.We were staying at the Luxor so my husband and I both got free entry here on a Saturday night.  Even though there was a super long line when we got there, we were able to talk to the bouncer and he led us straight in.  We must be special like that.The entrance is a little tricky in heels.  Really steep stairway, and really dark.  First you go up, then back down.  But once inside, it's just that really cool "Vegas" vibe that you just can't seem to find anywhere else.  The dance floor is good sized, and there are a couple different bar areas.  Standing room only.  It was super crowded when we were there.  I liked the mix of music that was playing...mostly hip hop and top 40, with a few old school faves thrown in.  Contrary to what some of the other reviewers mentioned, I really only saw mostly good looking people here.  A little heavy on the testosterone, but plenty of (attractive, young) females, as well. I mostly stick to shots (can't go wrong with those, really), so I can't say whether the drinks are "good"...and I didn't actually pay for any of mine, so I don't even know what drink prices are like here.  I remember feeling a little frustrated when trying to find the restroom (all the way to the back), but the shots could've had something to do with that.  My only other annoyance was how the VIP area was set up right beside the main dance floor, with only velvet ropes separating the two...being just a "commoner" encroaching on "their" space, it was a little weird.  But not a deal breaker.LAX made for a really fun night, I've definitely experienced far worse.  This has actually been one of my faves in Vegas, so call me easy to please or whatever, but I'd totally go back!
Got my groove on here...loved it.  Fun night, for sure.It's a rare club that my husband I both find appealing.  He's not a huge fan of the hip hop scene, and he's getting a little grouchy about crowds in his old age, haha (boooo).  Anyway, we ended up here on a Friday night because one of the sidewalk club promoters gave us both free entry wristbands.  It was just the two of us.  Hey, if my man can get in somewhere for no cover charge, I'm there!  So we decided to check it out, not really knowing what to expect.At first it was pretty empty...but not for long.  I'd say it got pretty packed somewhere around 11pm.  There was plenty to look at while we waited for our drinks to kick in and get us moving on the dance floor.  The leather and latex net dancers were quite the spectacle, there was some kind of dominatrix-bride action going on over to the side (VIP area, maybe?), another room had trippy lighting and merry-go-round animals for who-knows-what purpose, it was all very...sexual.  The crowd seemed to be a good mix of young and older, but not grandparents-old.  Everyone seemed to be having a good time the whole night, there was no fighting or other bad behavior, that I noticed.Drinks were expensive, yes.  The dance floor was small and crowded, yes.  But the music was good (mostly hip hop and top 40, with the occasional techno-ish song thrown into the mix) and the bathrooms were HUGE.  And clean.  Lots of available stalls.Not sure I would pay a cover to get in here, seeing as there are so many other options on the strip, but for free entry we had a pretty drunken good time!
Ventured outside of the norm tonight...met up with some friends and did some country line dancin', y'all.  Yeehaw!!Not my typical thing, but definitely a good time.  A friend of mine goes to this location pretty much every Monday night when they do free line dancing lessons from 7-9pm (I'm not sure if this is advertised anywhere, I wasn't able to find info online...and the sign outside the bar also says line dance lessons every Tue and Thur, but nothing about Mon).  We arranged to meet up with a few other girlfriends there tonight.  The bar was pretty small and almost entirely empty when we got there.  This was my first time so I actually wondered if I'd gotten the time or place wrong...there was hard rock / metal music playing, and the patrons were all on the "mature" side.  Lots of gray.  A few more people came in before the lessons started, but our group was definitely on the younger end of the spectrum.  Apparently there's a pretty standard group of patrons who alternate between here and one other line dancing bar out in Buckeye...they certainly know their stuff, and they have fun with it.The lessons were easy to follow along with, and low-pressure.  There was plenty of room on the dance floor and not a lot of people watching, so I'd say this is a good place for beginners.  The dances were always practiced slowly and at length before putting them to music.  Each dance would first be taught in segments, then practiced altogether, but slowly, without music, then done as a group to one or two songs.  We learned a total of 5 dances, I believe.  There were plenty of "water" (or beverage-of-choice) breaks between dances.  After 9pm when the lessons ended, they continued to play country music and the seasoned veterans went out and showed their stuff.  They did other dances we hadn't been taught, and seemed happy to let other people jump in beside them and try to follow along.  Unlike what I've seen at the other Roman's (in Goodyear), there was no fancy flipping or partner stunts going on here, just your run of the mill line dancing.Just a reminder that Roman's is a cash-only bar, so best be prepared with your drink money...though there is an ATM inside, and also a Chase bank right across the street.This won't be my new favorite weekly pastime or anything, but it was fun, I'm glad I gave it a try and I'd do it again, for sure.  Now all's I gotta do is get me some boots!!
See Spot Clean is great, they really do a good job for us...we take our cat there for a "lion cut" about once a year, and our dog occasionally for a nail trim.  The cat's cut always looks really cute and professionally done.  I've gotta give them kudos, this has to be a tough job for them, seeing as the cat's fur is usually terribly matted by the time I finally take him in.  And he's not the cuddly, tolerant kind of kitty...he's a big, angry kitty.  With claws.  (I've been assured by the company that they never use tranquilizers under any circumstance, but I actually did ask at one point because of the fact that the cat is always super relaxed and happy by the time I pick him up...a complete 180 degree turnaround from when I drop him off.  But hey, I'm not complaining!)  We pay $50 + tip for the cat's wash and haircut.  We do make an appointment ahead of time for this.Our dog is funny about his feet and won't let us touch them at all, so we take him to See Spot Clean for a quick nail trim once in a while.  We pay $5 + tip, which is well worth it, because it takes them about 30 seconds and they have no problems getting it done.  We usually just drop in without an appointment for this, or call a few minutes ahead of time to be sure they're not too busy.Everyone has been super nice, in our experience.  Maybe slightly preoccupied at times, but I think that's because the people who work the front desk also do grooming.  They seem to all really care about animals.  I've also found that they're exceptionally good about answering the phone when I call, even during their off-hours, or returning my call right away if/when I leave a message.The only "negatives" that come to mind are the fact that they're not open on Mondays (though they will still answer the phone and schedule an appointment for another day) and the place smells pretty strongly of animal urine.  Maybe that's to be expected, I've just never been to any other groomers to compare.  They let the dogs hang out together in a blocked off open area (indoors), so that might be something to be aware of.  And on our last visit, I didn't realize it until we got home but the rug we had inside the cat carrier had been removed and there was an old, raggedy towel in its place.  Kind of a bummer, we probably could've called and made the switch back, but it wasn't worth the effort at the time.         I totally would recommend See Spot Clean, we'll continue to go there as long as we have animal grooming needs.  In fact, it's about that time of year again...here kitty kitty...
Well I, for one, am not white trash...or an alcoholic...or a foul-mouthed college kid...so maybe I'm the exception, but I actually thought this was a great time!  I mean c'mon, how many outdoor activities are there really this time of year in AZ?  Let's be real.  Most of the bad things I'd heard beforehand about SR tubing were true, or at least had some merit.  Dirty smelly water?  Yep.  Crowded?  Yep.  Crude behavior and language?  Yep.  Marshmellows?  Yep.  But no fighting that we saw.  And no dead bodies.  We didn't lose any personal belongings.  Some of us even wore regular old flip flops and didn't come to regret it, surprise surprise.  Rope is a must...for securing your tubes together.  And a sheet for covering the tube is also a very good idea.  Ziplock baggies were, for that day at least, like the world's most brilliant invention.  I did bring my phone and regular camera, double bagged them and put 'em in another container that was tied to my tube w/ rope...no problems, whatsoever.  It was a little tricky transporting all the tubes and personal belongings and coolers and stuff to and from the shuttle buses, seeing as we were a group of girls, but the nice thing about being a group of girls was that there were usually guys around who were willing to help out.The one thing that kind of rubbed a few of us the wrong way was the company's rigidity on the glass container rule.  I understand the rule...I get it, I really do.  But one of our girls had unknowingly brought a few glass bottle beers and before we even knew what was happening, one of the enforcers appeared out of nowhere, swooped in to "check" our cooler, then confiscated the beers in the blink of an eye.  Had they simply told us to get rid of the beverages, we probably would've gone back to the parking lot and found a way to otherwise "dispose of" them ourselves.  But we were given no choice.  At least give us the option of pouring it into another plastic container, sheesh!!Anyway, considering all the negatives I'd heard from friends who've done this before and haven't cared for it, I was pleasantly surprised and had a super fun time!  Great summertime activity for groups of friends, given you have a sense of humor and are able to tolerate a certain level of ickiness and drunken stupidity.
Been here a few times, I try not to hang out in Avondale for "fun" if I can avoid it...but since Majerle's is close, this is a decent option.  However, I will never again order a bowl of fresh fruit for $5 because it is just NOT worth it.  The dish was tiny, there was hardly any variety (or fruit, for that matter), and the pineapple was absolutely tasteless.  I've never had worse pineapple in my life, TBH.  But as far as drinks go, my beers were reliable and inexpensive. :)  And apparently my husband's tacos were very, very good.  Service was good, as well.
Great patio area!  Can't wait to come back when it's just a teensy bit warmer.  Stopped by here with a friend during happy hour...the drink of the day was okay, nothing super special, but for a mere $3 I certainly wasn't complaining.  Our first round was actually something different than what it was supposed to be, but we didn't know until another server pointed it out and comped us for the initial "mistake," so that was either a plus or a minus, depending on how you look at it.  (I choose to see it as...free drink?  Score!!)  I liked the atmosphere and the casual, friendly staff.  I loved the ease of parking, plenty of side street options on the afternoon that we went.  Great place, I'm just sorry I didn't know about it sooner...I will be back!  And soon!
I actually don't remember being here, had I had too much to drink I wonder...?  I don't eat pizza, so I wasn't actually a paying customer here, but my friends seemed to enjoy themselves (or so I heard afterwards), and I will say this...it's in a super convenient location and has super convenient hours of operation!  I would totally stumble my way back here again. ;)
I wanted to update my last review because I've noticed they've really cleaned up this store considerably.  Everything is very orderly now, so they're doing something right.  Still not my favorite place to shop, but it's much more tolerable as of late.
Yaaasss...loved this so much!!  Was introduced to several bands I'd never heard of but will definitely be checking out further.  For as many different venues and bands that participated, everything seemed to be extremely well-organized.  For as many music lovers that attended, everyone seemed to be extremely well-behaved.  No fights (that we saw), no long lines for drinks or bathrooms (that we encountered)...we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and I will personally make it a priority to go to this again next year, and in the years to come.
I had the pleasure of working with Stephanie when my teenage daughter had a photo shoot with local photographer, Mark Morgan.  We hired Stephanie based upon Mark's recommendation...apparently they work together frequently.  She was able to meet us at the studio and do everything there.  The goal was to have my daughter's makeup look fresh and clean, to accentuate her natural features and make her look more stunning without being able to "see" that she was wearing makeup.  Doesn't sound like a difficult thing to do, but when the camera and lighting pick up every little detail, it's definitely worthwhile to hire a professional makeup artist with a trained eye.  Stephanie was soooo super sweet and down-to-earth, she just made the whole experience very comfortable and relaxed.  She's young and "cool" so I felt pretty confident that she'd do a great job with styling my daughter's hair and makeup.  And she really did.  We opted for two different looks, and Stephanie did a great job with both.  She stayed throughout the entire shoot, just to make sure nothing needed to be touched up, etc.  My daughter loved her, she was so personable and engaging.  We would be thrilled to have the opportunity to work with Stephanie again in the future!  I highly recommend her services, she's awesome!!
Maybe I was here on an "off" night, but this place was yuck and lame.  One of my friends loves it because it's so close to where she was living at the time, and I think she was friendly with one of the bartenders, as well.  But I did not get the appeal AT ALL.  The music and sound system were horrible, the sparse crowd was made up of young wanna-be-gangsta types mixed with girls too big to be wearing what they were wearing, and the drinks were weak.  I believe it was a Saturday night, but I can't be sure...it was a few months ago.  The main reason we ended up there was that the above-mentioned bartender was really pushing for my friend to invite her girlfriends, assuring her he would "hook them up."  Did we get the hook up?  Nope, not even a little bit.  Maybe we weren't trashy enough.  I'm not claiming to be high class...I do live on the west side, after all...but this was definitely not my scene.  Next.
Hmmm, I don't know what really to say about this place.  Although it's sit-down dining, it kind of feels like a fast food joint.  Not very comfy or inviting.  Definitely not very lively.  The service was okay, not great or even particularly good.  Staff seemed young and indifferent.  The food was okay, but all things considered, probably overpriced.  I ordered veggie fajitas and they were nothing like I'd expected.  The taste was good, but the veggies were soggy.  When I think of fajitas, I think sauteed bell peppers and onions and mushrooms hot-hot-hot off the skillet.  What they brought was more liked steamed zucchini and summer squash.  Super messy because the juice ran all down my arms no matter what I tried to do to prevent it.  I just really was unimpressed with this place so we probably won't be going back again, but the food was decent.  Wish I could say better things, I just can't.
My family almost never goes out to eat, but when we do, this Pei Wei is always a top pick!  We don't want to break the bank for dinner out, we just want some good food and a chance to enjoy each other's company.  Seeing as I'm vegan but the rest of my family isn't, it can be difficult to settle on a restaurant that we all find appealing.  Pei Wei is great, they have a relatively decent selection of dishes that can be made vegetarian or vegan.  (I always order the Spicy Korean with vegetables, tofu, and rice noodles...yummmmm!!!!)What I appreciate about the service here is that the employees always take my vegan requests and inquiries seriously, and if they don't personally know the answers, they're sure to ask someone else who does.  The one time I stopped in for take-out, everyone was so nice and engaged in friendly conversation while I waited for my order.  It can get quite busy here around dinner time, but even so, we always manage to find a table because the employees act really quickly to clean up tables as soon as diners leave.I don't give out 5 stars to just anybody...this location totally earned my highest praise when we had a mix-up with our order at one recent visit.  My husband's teriyaki dish came to him with some veggies he'd specifically requested be left out.  Not one to make a big deal out of these things, he just mildly and politely sent it back and asked that he get his plain chicken teriyaki, as originally ordered.  As we waited for his meal, the manager came to our table with the "mix-up" dish all boxed up and bagged and asked if we would like to take it with us to eat later (at no charge, obviously).  He apologized for the inconvenience and gave us a $10 gift card for our next visit, which was totally unexpected.  My husband's new dish came out quickly and everything was wonderful.  I wish I would have taken note of the manager's name so I could mention him here...for a fast-food-type chain, the customer service we received at this location went above and beyond.  Nothing bad to say about this Pei Wei, whatsoever!  5-star establishment, for sure!
Came here as part of a group of about 20 girls for a ladies' karaoke night...what a blast!!  My friend had reserved space well in advance, so we had a long table, right in the center of all the karaoke action, with plenty of space to dine and visit.  I didn't eat, but the entire restaurant smelled delicious.  My first drink - a Long Island Iced Tea - was pretty good, not the strongest I've ever had, but tasty enough.  It did seem like I had to flag someone down every time I wanted to order a drink or close out my tab, but it was a busy Saturday night, so that's understandable.  The servers were all fun and friendly.  When karaoke started up around 9pm, that's when the real fun began!  Loved the host, he was great.  Loved the set up, how singers could take the microphone and sing wherever in the room they were comfortable...near their own table or group of friends, or whatever.  And plenty of floor space for the real "performers" to move around...or recruit the ladies (who may or may not have had a few drinks by then, ehem) to get up and dance.  We all had such a great time.  I'd never been to a karaoke venue that was an actual restaurant, so this was a different experience for me, and I will certainly make it happen again!!  Fun!!
I wish I could speak more highly of this place...I really do.  I gave it more than its fair share of tries, but alas, this location is just not good.  After getting my hair colored at an Arizona Hair Co. somewhere on the east side (Gilbert?) many years ago, I thought this was a pretty great option for stylish hair cuts and color for gals on a budget.  My highlights looked amazing.  But that was then, and that was there.This location has always been a disappointment to me.  To start with, the staff and stylists don't seem all that concerned with making customers feel welcome...they'll carry on with their conversations with one another long past the time someone walks in and approaches the front desk.  It's tough to get a walk-in spot, or even a same-day appointment for later on, and pretty much impossible to get color done without an appointment.  Just a heads-up.  And the times I've had an appointment, I've always had to wait a half hour, minimum, before they've taken me back.The actual hair cuts I've gotten here have been...meh.  My requests are usually pretty simple: trim a few inches and give me long layers, with layers framing my face.  It's hard to tell how good or bad a cut like that really is until you get home and try to style it yourself.  To be honest, I've never gotten a cut here that I've been happy with.  And I've gotten the impression the stylists are more interested in the conversations going on around them than on the hair they're cutting.  Just an observation.  I've also noticed, both with me and my daughter, that the stylists often resort to insulting comments about the state of their customer's hair (prior cut, color, dryness, etc.), presumably meant to showcase their knowledge and/or gain credibility, and to shame the person into buying their "better" (read: more expensive) product. What finally tipped me over the edge and convinced me never to return was when the stylist who'd cut my daughter's hair "prescribed" a "treatment" of a certain brand of shampoo and conditioner, then proceeded to carry them to the front desk and ring them up as I was telling her thanks but no thanks.  Despite my protests, she continued with the transaction, pointing out that the promotional sale was ending that day.  She repeated three times that I could return the products within 7 days if I kept the receipt.  I asserted that I did not want or need the products.  She was very insistant and pushy about it, and seeing as the items were by that time already rung up, in my discomfort I finally succumbed...as she bagged up the items, she (again!) assured me I could return the items with receipt if I was unhappy with them.  Obviously the stylist was earning a commission on the sale, so I reasoned that I'd let her have it and then take time out of my life to bring my purchases back and return them another day.  Which I did.  Within 7 days.  With receipt.  But was not able to actually return them because no returns are accepted...only merchandise exchange or credit.  I was livid!!  At that point I realized the stylist had intentionally misled me into believing I could return the products, as she never once mentioned it would be for an exchange.  My daughter's $15 hair cut turned into a $70 ordeal.  Not happy.  In all fairness, I really have only myself to blame because I didn't have to give in...I should have flat out refused to buy the products...but it has to be said that I have never before, or since, experienced that kind of pushy insistance to buy anything.  Ever.  Sorry, but I will not ever go back here myself, and I will not ever recommend it to anyone.  There are plenty of other "budget" salons that offer decent hair cuts...and much, much better customer service than I've personally experienced at this location.
Four stars for the fun atmosphere and friendly bartender. :)  My friend and I never ended up ordering food, just a few drinks.  There was actually almost nobody there when we arrived mid-afternoon, but the outdoor seating area was so cool, and the bartender so warm and nice to chat with, that before we knew it we'd been there several hours.  It was a Saturday, so it picked up a lot as the night went on.  The thing I liked best was that there were several "locals" (of all ages) who go there all the time, so it was kind of like everybody knew everybody, and even if they didn't know you yet, you were still a friend.  Sitting at the bar, people were having conversations with everyone around them, beside them, across from them, wherever...whether they knew each other or not.  It was that kind of vibe.  A lot of fun, but in a chill way.  I'd like to come back with a bigger group of friends, this would be the perfect next-stop after spending a day sipping cocktails on the lazy river at the resort.  And I see now from other reviews that I'll have to give the chips and salsa a try when I come back.  So yes, then I guess I will need to come back.  There, it's settled.  I will be back. :)
Take Five is the best, this is a five-star establishment all the way!  We had our daughter in classes here several years ago, then took an extended break, and now she's back in jazz dance and loving it so far.  The new location is really nice, the dance rooms are spacious and fairly sound-proof, they all have viewing windows with benches for seating right outside them.  Staff is really friendly and nice, it's a very relaxed environment.  The teachers my daughter has had have all been suuuuper sweet, and the one she's got now (Ms. Nicole, probably the sweetest person I've ever met) even remembered her from such a long time ago when she had my daughter in her class before.  It's nice that the teachers are so encouraging and foster a love of dance instead of being harsh or critical.  They're also fairly young, highly skilled, up on the new choreography styles, and most have been there many years...no high turnover rate for instructors.  One thing I like is that you have some flexibility when it comes to making up missed classes...the student can take the same type or try a new class for the make up session.  Payment is on a month-to-month basis, so I was told that as long as they receive advance warning, you can withdraw your student at any time, if need be.  Note that they only accept credit card or automatic payment, no personal checks or cash.  There's also an annual registration fee.Nothing bad to say about Take Five Dance, I'm really glad we have this studio available to us, love it, this is as good as it gets!
After discovering Pet Club for our dog food needs, I became a loyal customer and  never looked back!  Dog food can be expensive, especially for the larger breeds.  The reason I came here the first time was that we'd received a coupon in the mail that was too good to pass up.  Really the only comparison shopping I'd done up to that point was between Pet Smart and Walmart, but with the coupon for Pet Club I got the same product for a whole $10 less than I'd regularly been spending.  Despite it being a little further drive, I liked the fact that the employees were relatively knowledgeable and helpful, so I kept coming back.  Even at regular price, the product I purchase costs less here than anywhere else I've shopped.  All of the employees appear to stay busy stocking shelves or straightening up when there aren't any customers in the store or when they aren't needed at the cash register.  There's one employee there currently, a young man, who is especially helpful and will carry the large bags of dog food out to your car for you, which is nice.Random tip: Ask about manufacturer loyalty cards if you always buy the same thing...I know that Iams offers them (you get a free bag of dog food after 5 regular purchases) and it's possible other brands do, too.I'm definitely a fan of Pet Club, nothing but positive experiences so far!
Very "cool" place...they have that fashion-forward thing down.  Since I'm not all that cool, I probably would've felt out of place except that everyone was so nice and friendly.  My daughter and I both got haircuts.  Hers turned out amazing, mine was just alright.  But it's a beauty school so we were prepared for pretty much anything, and thankfully neither of us left in tears.  Yes, it took a couple hours for basic haircuts, but again, we knew what we were signing up for, so it was no biggie.  It was a positive experience, I'm not sure we would do it again because of the distance, but we saved ourselves some money this time around, so that made me happy.  I would recommend, as long as you're not super picky about your hair, because it's definitely a game of chance...these are students, after all...but based on our experience, they are being taught well and have relatively high standards.  We were pleased.
Wow, they really hustle at this place!  We came here on a busy Friday night during dinnertime rush.  We were quoted a 45 minute wait but it ended up being closer to 20.  Seeing as we'd already perused the menu and decided what we wanted, the server took our order right away.  Not even 10 minutes later, we were served.  The bussers continued to bring us out warm bread, even after we had our meals in front of us.  Our server was very sweet, and was sure to stop by often to see if we needed anything throughout our meal.  All the staff members were scurrying around like busy little bees, yet every single one of them was friendly and cheerfully helpful.  When it came time to box up our leftovers, our server took it upon herself to do it for us (not that we would've minded doing it ourselves), and she even put the entire basket of bread in there without us mentioning one word about it.  That was one of those nice little "extras."  The food was typical Red Lobster food, I'm guessing if you've been to one, you've been to all.  But we're always surprised by how much food you actually get.  Definitely didn't leave hungry, that's for sure!  Our experience here was a great one, we'd go back for sure.
Nice place!  Met a few girlfriends for a b-day lunch, the staff was very accommodating...they did a great job w/ the cake and candles that one friend had brought in, and also snapped about a thousand pictures of us, per our group's numerous requests.  I had a draft beer that tasted so much better than it normally would have because of the fact that it was served in a mason jar.  And not surprisingly, I didn't eat anything...but...my friends' burgers and stuff all smelled delicious.  I think everyone was happy with their food, drinks, and service.  No complaints.  Nice, cozy atmosphere.  I'm a fan!
My first and only experience here so far has been the 2014 Exotic Art Show, on Valentine's evening...wow.  I had no idea what to expect, but I was certainly impressed in almost every way possible!!  What a neat set up.  Even though we had to wait in line for an eternity to get in (and we had pre-purchased tickets online), it was kind of nice that there weren't so many people inside the house that we couldn't move around freely and look at the art.  The outdoor entertainment was impressive, and yes - very entertaining.  The atmosphere with all the lights and fire pits and music was cozy and energetic, spacious enough that our group was able to visit and relax while enjoying an eyeful of the more..."adventurous"...people around us.  Loved that they passed out freebie Hpnotiq shots and goodies.  We didn't have a reserved table so most of our time was spent standing and watching the performers, but none of us seemed to mind that too much.  Most of the shows were great.  I'd been warned about the finale performance, which my stomach most certainly wouldn't have been able to handle, so I warmed myself by the fire pit and occasionally glanced at the faces around me as they gasped and winced at whatever was going on up there on that stage.  All in all, it was a fantastic event, very nicely put together.  And as an added bonus, I can now say that I have seen just about every variation of the female genitalia up close and personal, thanks to a few select pieces of art and framed photography.  (Whether that was on my personal bucket list of must-sees, I'm not so sure, but...)  Not my typical scene, but it was something fun and different to do with our Valentine's Day.  We had a great time.
This place is awesome...really great atmosphere.  I've only been here twice (in the evenings) but both times it's been relatively quiet, not super crowded.  Definitely an intimate environment.  Dimly lit.  The outdoor seating area looks cozy, though we've never actually sat out there.  Inside, there's a long bar with stools on either side that works well for large groups.  The vibe is relaxed, urban cool.  Staff is friendly, attentive, and welcoming.  I feel like a bit of a fraud writing reviews for restaurants because it seems I rarely actually order food...but all my friends have been super pleased with their orders.  The happy hour pricing is really good, I want to say there are appetizers for, like, $3?  I had a delicious drink special there, it had mint in it.  Not all that strong, but certainly tasty.  As mentioned in another review, it can be difficult to find this place if you're a first-timer.  Parking is around back and you can enter the restaurant by walking through the outdoor seating area to the rear entrance, which feels strange.  But once inside, you should find that a host is stationed right there to greet you.Switch is a new fave when we venture downtown...check it out, for sure!  (PS, be sure to check in through Yelp when you're there to get $10 off your next bill of $50 or more.  Yay for that!)
This was a fun atmosphere for a large group of girls, great location.  We were seated at an extra long table on the patio...liked that the table and chairs were pub height.  It was a Saturday nigh, so pretty crowded, not a lot of space to move around.  There was a DJ spinning some old school favorites (think Arrested Development - Mr. Wendal, Next - Too Close, etc.) and most everybody there was groovin' a little at one point or another.  After checking in on Yelp, I claimed an offer for a half-priced drink and went with the 4-beer sampler...every one of them was enjoyable.  Everyone's food smelled amazing, although I didn't eat anything myself.  We were celebrating a friend's birthday and they brought out a GIGANTIC Cinnabon with candles for her.  Plenty enough to share, that's for sure!  The inside bar area isn't very spacious, but like I said, the location is excellent for starting out the night in Old Town Scottsdale.  Have fun!
Hate to write negative reviews, I don't normally complain just for the sake of complaining.  But today was my second experience with The Club and neither visit has been pleasant.  Rather than go into petty detail, I'll just sum it up by saying that both times, the woman I dealt with has been unfriendly, aloof, impatient, condescending, and sorely lacking in professionalism.  And no, this wasn't some inexperienced high school student working her first part-time customer service job...if that were the case, I'd maybe be a little more understanding.  The facility, itself, is clean and well-equipped, so for that reason I'm giving two stars as opposed to one.  That, however, is not reason enough for me personally to go back.  In my endless pursuit of the perfect tan, I'll sooner subject myself to 30 minutes of scorching, relentless AZ sun in my own backyard than to go where my patronage is neither welcome nor appreciated.The Club...if your goal was to send the message that you prefer not to be bothered by my business, I assure you that message was received, loud and clear.  Don't worry, I won't be bothering you again.
Note to self...double Bloody Mary, definitely worth the $8.  One of the best I've had.  And self...try not to gulp it down all in one voracious, uninterrupted series of swigs next time.  Savor it.  Make it last.
Disclaimer: I've never actually been to this location, and I have only ever eaten one of their menu items.  That having been said...The Mango Habanero Pacific Mahi Mahi Taco is TO DIE FOR!!!Rubio's was a featured vendor at one of the Yelp events I attended, and I simply could not get enough of these deeeeeelicious tacos.  (I only hope nobody was paying too close attention to how many times I went back for more...ehem...)And in addition to the tasty tacos, the staff members were awesome.  Friendly and fun.  Super professional...not one of them shamed me for coming back again and again.  And again.  (And maybe once or twice again.)  Thank you for that. :)Cannot wait to indulge in some more mango habanero mahi mahi tacos when I get the chance!
Cool, hip atmosphere and decent drinks.  Wish it were in a location that was closer (as in, within walking distance) to more fun options, but that's not a huge issue.  I've been here a couple times and it's always been fine, the only thing that kind of bothered me about my last visit was the woman who took over bar-tending / serving us was a little snooty.  I actually thought she might be a manager of some sort, except for the fact that she seemed so put off by having to bother with us.  (I think I may have even caught her rolling her eyes at us..?  Which was strange because we were pretty much minding our own business and just talking / laughing / catching up normally, not being loud or obnoxious in any way.)  If I do go back at some point, I'll make sure to be seated in an area other than hers.
You get what you pay for, simple as that.We took a chance on The Flamingo last year because there weren't a ton of options within our budget for the 4th of July weekend.  I'd read the reviews so had a pretty good idea of what to expect.  My reasoning was that we wouldn't be spending a lot of time in the hotel room anyway, and for the price, the center-strip location would be hard to beat.I should preface this by explaining I am not a prissy kind of girl, nor am I a germaphobe.  We've stayed in some pretty seedy hotels before...and survived to tell about it.  That being said, this was one of our more cringe-inducing experiences.  Before going up to our room (which was one of the standard, outdated ones...not a modernized Go room, or whatever they're called), we asked whether we had any upgrade options, but were told that because of the holiday weekend, everything was booked.  We had very low expectations so made our way up to the room with hopeful optimism.  What greeted us in the hallway right outside our door was a pile of garbage and used tampons.  Yes, tampons.  Used.  But I reasoned that maybe housekeeping had had an unfortunate trash bin overflow or something.  Who knows.  Anyway.  Then we went into our room and found it to be just sort of smelly and gross.  My husband pointed out the mystery stains all over the carpet, but that really didn't faze me.  What did turn my stomach was what looked to be (excuse me while I gag...) poop smears above the headboard and on the ceiling above the bed.  Alright, so admittedly we didn't conduct a smell test or whip out our chemical analysis kit and therefore can't say with a hundred percent certainty that it was, in fact, poop.  But it was suspiciously disgusting.  After being told there weren't any other available rooms, we had little choice but to tough it out and just keep from touching...well, anything.  Our plan was to dump our stuff and just get the heck out of there.  As I freshened up in the bathroom, my gaze cautiously made its way up to the ceiling overhead, but by that point I wasn't all that surprised to see it was covered (covered!) with what looked like pubic hairs.  Ewwwww.  Again, I can't say for sure that my untrained eye would be able to discern the difference between leg hair, armpit hair, chest hair, or whatever...but you get the idea.  It was grotesque.  Not to mention puzzling. Our stay wasn't all bad.  My husband took it upon himself to talk to management and ended up getting us moved to a mini-suite, which was far from luxurious but a definite step up.  Clean, at least.  And spacious.  (Interesting that they were able to find a room when they had been "completely booked" earlier...but I digress.)  In both rooms, you could hear the music from the pool really loudly.  I'd suggest earplugs if you plan to sleep in past 9 or 10am.  The 21-and-over pool was awesome, we spent a lot of hours there.  We don't gamble so I can't say whether the casino was good or bad.  There weren't a ton of restaurant options within the hotel, so for meals and clubs, we ventured elsewhere.  As I recall, there wasn't a resort fee like at other hotels on the strip.  And parking was free.  Wi-fi was like $14 a day.Would I stay here again?  Hmmmm.  The location really was convenient.  And the pool was almost good enough to persuade me, despite all the other negatives.  I don't know, maybe, we'll see.  I can't say I'd recommend this hotel, but if you do decide to stay here, it's probably worth the added expense to upgrade to a Go room.  Good luck...you may need it!
Went here for New Year's Winter Wonderland rooftop party...loved it!  Ohmygoodlord it was cold, but at least they had space heaters scattered around.  Everything was done up so snazzy, white lights all around, dj spinning a good mix of popular music, beautiful people everywhere.  I actually liked that they limited how many got in because although it was plenty crowded, it wasn't to the point where you couldn't move or breathe.  They had free appetizers out most of the night, and it all was delicious!  Just before midnight, they came around with champagne for toasting, and "snow" fell from the sky as we rang in the new year.  What a fun time.  If it weren't for the chill, this would have been my favorite New Year's venue in a long time.  Who'd have thought downtown Phoenix could be so cool?!
Had the immense pleasure of spending a couple hours with Maria, Aesthetician for Body by Kotoske Skin Spa, while she gave me the most fabulous set of new eyelashes (extensions) I've ever seen!  This was my first time having them done, so I wasn't totally sure what to expect, but I can see why they say it can become addicting.  Really the results turned out SO beautiful, and although they're way more glam than my natural lashes would ever be in a million years, they're still flattering and not over-the-top flashy...just full and dark and lush and long, like a really great set of falsies but better.  Each extension is attached to an individual lash, so they end up looking like they are really your own eyelashes.  But I'm guessing most people already know what eyelash extensions are all about.  The difference here is that Maria was so thorough, but so gentle, and the entire process was relaxed with zero discomfort.  I hardly noticed what she was doing at all.  Plus she's such a genuinely nice person that the time passed quickly as we chatted the hours away.  The room was clean, uncluttered, and organized - very comfortable.  Personally I wouldn't want to put my eyes at risk by going just anywhere, so Body by Kotoske Skin Spa will definitely be my first choice if I ever have the opportunity to get my lashes done again.  They also do permanent makeup, chemical peels, clinical facials, facial waxing, and other skin care procedures, and although I have not personally done any of those, I would trust them completely.  Maria is awesome.  In fact, all the staff at Body by Kotoske (Cosmetic Surgery Institute) are awesome.  I give them my most heartfelt and enthusiastic recommendation!
Not the best, not the worst.  I go here (only occasionally) because of its proximity to where I live, and generally speaking, it's always just fine.  I don't go often enough to know which technician to request, although some are definitely more attentive and careful than others.  There have been a few times when I've wondered if the language barrier has caused some confusion and they haven't fully understood the services I was asking for, or if they intentionally have tried to "up-sell" me (i.e. starting in on a spa pedi when I've asked for a simple polish change), but it's never been a huge issue because I've just always spoken up and clarified...  Awkward, yes.  But end of the world, no.  The other slight irritation is how long the wait is (often they will say "five minutes" and then I'm still sitting, waiting, twenty minutes later), so allow plenty of time if you plan to stop in.  And I have stopped feeling icky now that I understand that they are just not very gracious after you pay and give the tip. Ever.  No matter how much cash you hand them.  When they're done with you, they're done, so try not to take it personally if they take your money without a smile or second glance, or even a "goodbye."  That's my experience, at least.  Annnnyway...  For the most part, the service is just fine and the technicians do a pretty good job, so as long as you don't go in with expectations set too high, you should be alright.Side notes: - Credit/debit cards only accepted for charges over $10 - Tips are cash only- Closes at 7pm on weekdays
For as many times as I've heard great things about Plato's Closet, I'm not sure why it took me so long to go and check it out for myself...love it!!  My teenage daughter and I now frequent this location regularly because they always have a ton of inventory, and much of it is super current (on trend).  Prices actually aren't as low as some other name brand consignment stores I've been to, but I mean c'mon, we're talking about dollars and cents here.  Considering the fact that we seem to have better luck finding not just one or two items but a bunch(!) of stuff we really like here, I'm willing to pay a tad more.The only downsides I've experienced are that they only have a few dressing rooms and so sometimes you end up waiting quite a while to try things on, and you also might want to look carefully at the items before purchasing.  My daughter bought a pair of shoes here, only to find out after she got home that one of the straps was completely unattached but had been tucked "inside" the sole so you couldn't tell unless you specifically pulled on that strap.  Buyer beware...they are used items.  But for the most part, we've gotten great quality.Love this place and plan to go back again and again!
My husband (the lucky one of us) won a gift card to this restaurant, so we planned a nice meal here with another couple for double date night.  Normally we wouldn't venture so far from home base, but we weren't disappointed.  It was a lovely experience.  (Did I just use the word "lovely"?  Yes...I think I did.  Huh, that was weird.)We'd made reservations for a Saturday night and were seated right away.  All the hostesses and servers were super friendly and polite.  The restaurant was very busy, so the open dining area was somewhat loud, making conversation a bit challenging at times, but we'd been there before so knew what to expect.  It has a very open feel.  Certainly not intimate or private, if that's what you're looking for. We ordered an appetizer of Spinach Artichoke Dip, served with Parmesan flatbread, which was very good...but the bread seemed more like large pieces of cracker.  I wasn't a huge fan, felt like the dip needed some thicker, fluffier bread to really make the most of it.  But it did all get eaten.  The couple we were with ordered a single glass of wine, mentioning to the server that they would be sharing it, so the server brought out two glasses and poured very generously for each, which was nice.  My friend ordered lobster bisque and said it was delicious, although it was only lukewarm when it arrived, so she very sweetly asked if she could have it heated up a bit.  The server was gracious and accommodating, did not make us feel as though we were putting her out at all.For main dishes, I honestly don't recall what the other couple ordered, but they did seem pleased.  I ordered the Ravioli di Bello...yum!!!  My husband ordered the Whole Roasted Chicken and let me tell you, that was a LOT of food.  The plate they brought out for him covered about a quarter of the entire surface area of the table.  For a guy, that's probably alright I guess, but if I'd ordered the whole chicken and they brought that plate out to me, I personally would've wanted to crawl beneath the table from embarrassment.  Anyway, my hubs is a pretty big guy and even he couldn't finish the entire plate, so he ended up boxing some of it for later.Both times I've eaten here, I've really enjoyed the food and service.  The prices are to be expected on that side of town, so at least you get a lot of food for what you pay for.  All in all, a great experience.  And don't forget to check in on Yelp for a free Tuscan Taster with beverage!
I'm an Apple FanGirl but NOT a FanGirl of the Apple Stores, in general. That said, I tried this store instead of Quarter and couldn't have been more pleased. I made my appointment, no problem. Came in a few minutes late, no problem. Then had two issues that needed attention: Cloud problem and broken keys.Taylor was my Genius Dude and he was AWEsome! Cute little genius and met & surpassed expectations on BOTH dilemmas! Figured out Problem A - then researched to find MORE info for me. Fixed/Cleaned broken keys - then went beyond in that area too. Truly, I was thrilled with the results and more than pleased with more than awesome, Taylor! Yea Apple!
Major BUYER BEWARE. Promised my 12-yr old kicks for his bday. Found some he loved here, though they were $130! For me, a ton of cash. Said "Y" for bday, and he wore out of store/8pm. As we're waking out, I see him pronating like a banche. I said, "Heck no. Not for $130. Take them off; they're going back." 3 days later go back. "Sorry. No can do." Huh? I said, "He wore them in the mall for 15 mins." They're spotless/clean/perfect. "Right.. but when you take a step in a new shoe, the toe creases. You made a new-toe crease." As a single mom.... straight-up I've never heard anything like it. So unacceptable and UNcustomer-friendly. I'm sick. His other line was "You wore them out the store." Really? Here's the thing manger-dude, if you're gonna revoke your return policy in-full based on a kid walking out the store with your shoe on, you damn-well better tell mommy before he does it. Listen, this is not Nordstrom or Macys. This is a store that Fs their customer. Do you really want to do business with a store that Fs their customer? For me it is never again.
As a Target Shopper, I would NOT recommend this store! While the stock/selection isn't bad - the Service generally is!! I always seem to ne amazed at the attitude/apathy of "many" of their staff. Tonight took the cake as I when I got home & reached for my new jammies + they weren't there! Neither was the outfit I planned on wearing tomorrow!! Turns out the Brainiac that checked me out (looked) like she was loading them into the tub I purchased, but instead was placing into some obscure spot she "forgot" about! I now have to drive ALL the way BACK tomorrow - which is not close for me! So ticked! Manager on phone could barely muster an apathetic "sorry." Which is EXACTLY what I'm talking about. UNreal. Skip this store if u can!
Enter this Cleaners at your own risk! Normally a customer of "Prestige" in Scottsdale, I was hoping to find a local Dry Cleaner in town. Mistakenly, I took for granted the 'skill' it takes to dry clean, as well as the customer service it takes to keep a business thriving. I dropped off a Winter Coat, Black Sweater (somewhat dirty), and 3 pair of dress pants. The Coat was fine. The Black Sweater I literally had to get a roller & wet rag to finish cleaning. I never had something returned so sloppy. And then the pants.... all 3 of them had almost the exact same markings on the legs - as if someone spilled a solution or pressed too hard with an iron or something; I'm speculating because I don't know what goes on inside a Dry Cleaner! What I do know is that the Dry Cleaning process did not go well and though they were 2 different styles and colors, all three were stained the same way! I brought them back for re-do - already worried. They were returned the same: essentially RUINED. Luckily, the pants were still posted on the Express website, so I printed out the pictures & costs of all three and brought them in for reimbursement. Fairly straightforward, except for the fact that Mr. Le Baron Manager (Owner?) decided he was going to "challenge" me on the garments. Yes, apparently it's more important for him to be right than successful, because my clothes are now in a 'Trial by Jury' process, with the "Jury" being a group of Dry Cleaners to whom he pays a monthly "fee" in order to issue a  'report' in situations much like... this. Color me pessimistic, but I'm not feeling that "report" is going to come back in favor of me (the person that doesn't pay 'dues').  Oh ya... it takes a month.As I said in the beginning, Enter At Your Own Risk: knowing that your clothes may come back dirty, knowing that your clothes may come back ruined. And if they DO come back ruined, well, you just might be out of luck as the likelihood for proper reimbursement is slim. Actually, who am I kidding? Why would anyone want to enter this Dry Cleaner at all?I'll keep you posted on this, folks.
Having grown up on the north side of Chicago and having family that traveled the Orient, I'll tell you straight-up, it's a challenge to find "true" Chinese food in AZ.  That said, Jade Palace remains at the top of my list!  I've tried almost every Asian restaurant within 10 miles of here, and while JP is not as trendy or well-known as some (side-eye to Flo's and a family of "sons"), IMO, it's definitely the BEST!!!  My current fave dish is the Terriyaki Chicken. Super tender, sweet, and delicious!  Also the Pork or Chicken -Fried Rice and/or Mushu Pork.  Lettuce Wraps are also fantastic as is their Egg Drop Soup!!!  Simple-type recipes and simply delicious!
I just finished my G & S meal that I ordered to-go; actually, I just finished throwing it out. It was HORRIBLE. And by horrible, I mean shamefully bad. And by shamefully bad, I mean, heinous! I had a very disappointing experience here about a year ago but I thought I would give it another try. I should have proceeded with caution when I asked the long-term employees at the neighboring Blockbuster what was good and to the person, they all stammered and failed to reply. Seriously, zero out of four could give me one "great" dish! I've lived in both Mpls & Chicago and my Ex used to travel the Orient and we were always surprised at how POOR the quality of Asian food was in this area and WHY the people here, seemed to like it!? It's absolutely baffling!I had the Orange Beef & Spring Rolls. The Orange Beef looked scarey right in the container. But when i ate it - UGH! The texture was all off and the sauce..... it had these big, clear, GELATINOUS, ..... ugh ugh ugh! I can't even talk about it. Like biting into a ball of corn-starchy orange extract! I'm still sick from those few bites! [Truly.] And while I ordered vegetable spring rolls, I got what tasted like low-quality hamburger meat! In fact I finally identified the flavor and texture as: SAUSAGE! It was like an Asian Spring Roll with chunks of Italian Sausage inside!! How's that for a combo? Ugh...... [stomach turning]I'm sorry, I'm a Single Parent and I'm usually grateful to have someone cook for me. Grateful even when i am paying. But during "tough times" when i actually "treat" myself and then plunk down $20(!!) for unedible... yuck - it's totally, TOTALLY unacceptable! Shame on you, George, for offering such little quality control and not aspiring to a higher standard overall. No wonder the place was (not) hopping on a Saturday night!Simply one of the worst meals EVER.
I found Foot Solutions 3 years ago and it's become the only place I'll buy my shoes. I have "foot issues" so it's very difficult for me to find cool/attractive, functional shoes. HUGE life-impacter to find these unique brands that I could actually wear to work all day and/or travel in, etc., without pain or problem!! Yes, the price-point is higher, but that just means I have less shoes - and each one is perfect!! They also last a REALLY long time!As for the other posters I've read: Of COURSE you can't walk 1.5 miles in your shoes and return them! No kidding. Would you want to buy shoes that have been walked in for a mile and a half? I think "no," which means they can't be re-sold. As for service, my experience over a 3-year period has been consistently excellent service. I've never experienced anything less than full attentiveness!
Awful. Awful. Awful. Awful. They are an AWFUL company with a MARGINAL, overpriced product and what appears to be way too close to a monopoly on the Valley cable market.I agree with every Poster's experience. Recently I was severely overcharged via an "AutoPay" checking account transaction. Literally they dipped-in and removed nearly DOUBLE the amount they should have! To add insult to injury, they made the unilateral, ignorant decision to KEEP/credit my cash rather than immediately return the amount to my checking account.  It cost me a tremendous amount of time in repeated phone calls, terrible stress, and skimping on GROCERIES for the week it took them to fix their error!!DISGUSTING.And as warning - truly do not ever enroll in AutoPay!!  The Banks consider it "At your own risk" - and Cox apparently knows this:  they haphazardly commit egregious errors in which they grossly OVERPAY themselves "by mistake."   Additionally, the billing cycles starts 60 minutes after the last one,  which  means you're ALWAYS in a billing-cycle and can NEVER REMOVE Auto-Pay! I had to shut-down my whole Visa/Debit Card - that's what Shiesters they are!!! I'm just about ready to make the leap to Dish.Can't wait. Bye from me, Cox.
This was my second time at Aura Salon, both times for a highlight. I've been getting my haircut by Toni&Guy almost since I moved to Phoenix 10 years ago and I still think they're the sharpest, most contemporary cuts in the Valley. But I was referred to Aura so I thought I'd try a Color. My Stylist: Nice. My Outcome: Mini-Disaster. But we discussed how to improve the next time so I thought, "Well, the pricing is fair, so okay." Today I had better results. And by "better" I mean nice, but I still have to spend ANOTHER day to go back and get it fixed! (sigh) But here's the rub: I almost had an aneurism checking out when they gave me a total of $93.00!  #1 Because this was (surprise?) FIFTY dollars more than I paid the 1st time.  #2 Done by a Level ONE Stylist. (Really? Level 1 is $100 bucks?) and #3 Because in asking "huh?" I found out that not only was I  'discounted' the first time I was in, but the new, steep "base" price of $73 apparently doesn't even include mixing TWO colors into the highlight! Oh no, that's "extra!" I've never even had a highlight without two colors sitting on the tray. That's what gives a good color depth and layers. In summary, it was a huge shock on the price structure, not to mention just rid-i-CULOUSLY high for a Level One Stylist, short-hair (PARTIAL!) highlight!!!  And I know my pricing. If you're going to pay essentially $110.00 (with standard gratuity), you're going to pay for high-level knowledge and skill, high-level speed and efficiency, and a high-level, beautiful outcome. I got: a nice person still trying to figure it out and not getting it right, inordinate amount of time for single-process, short hair, and an outcome that both times - wasn't as planned or hoped for. Again, that's (sometimes) fine for Level One, but you CANNOT charge the BIG BUCKS. It's just wrong. Even if I was willing to be patient in getting 'the look' right, I certainly wouldn't do it paying those prices. No way, not again.
I'm updating my previous review and giving Rosatis a 1 thumbs up - with a Caveat for Consistency. I live in FH so over the years I've eaten here quite a bit and I've seen the ups & down of this place.  I'd eat here far more if they offered more "deals" beyond the 1/2 Price Tuesday. This is a pricey pizza and and while it can be good - it's just not consistent. I'm from Chicago so I'll tell you that when it's "on" it's somewhat close to a Chicao-Style THIN crust pizza. That also means that it's not cut like the traditional "8-Big Round Slices!"  (It's a Chicago thing! ) Anyway, it's usually very fresh. I dig the crust, though again, sometimes it's overdone.  Caveat is $$$ and damn CONSISTENCY.  I read the other reviews here and I'm not surprised. Which is too bad because WHEN this place gets it right (and they do get it right more than they get it wrong), Rosatis is far better and fresher and more "real" than a Pizza Hut or Papa Johns or Little Ceasars :-o . No comparison. It's just when they do get it wrong...... So.. I guess at this point I'll leave it at: what are you in the mood for and are you a gambling person? :-)
Bad, BAD experience! I went in there today for a quick & BASIC car wash/detailing. Not the $100 package, the $23 package. I have a 4-door, basic Sonata. Like the other reviewers - it was barely busy when I pulled in. To be specific, I was the only car in line, and 3 dudes were waiting inside. Perfect. Do you know I was STUCK there, waiting, for  55 minutes? Almost an HOUR??? Was FREAKING out. When you get there you pull-up on the right side; then the car gets pulled behind the building in back. Then it re-appears over on the left side: The Parallel Universe where Time Stands Still, additional cars appear out of nowhere, and YOUR car is STUCK - for an hour! Seriously, thought I was loosing my mind and watching a 3-minute video loop on "repeat" - I SO couldn't imagine what these people were doing with their spray bottles and towels, over & over to these cars - for an HOUR. Of course, then I realized that most car places have 2-3 dudes per car, per lane. THIS place had 5 people - across 3 lanes - all sharing cars. You do the math. All I could do was stare at MY car - 1-car BEHIND the Parallel Universe of other cars - Stuck and Untouched. It seemed they had some "system" they working to, but OBV it DOESN'T WORK if a) You're WAY understaffed and b) the person who paid for the $23 package has to SIT and wait while 5, $10 packages go BEFORE her!!I mean, what the FREAK? And the outcome? Meh.Bottom LIne: Dirty Car or Francis & Sons? 1000% the Dirty Car.
This is really an outstanding ACE store. As a Single Mom trying to 'do it on my own,' the employees here are plentiful and absolutely will go out of their way to help you get what you need. Apparently (some?) of the Ace stores are individually owned; at least that was what I was told when I walked into the nearby Scottsdale location and found a COMPLETELY different (employee-LESS) store. Wow- what a difference an Owner/team makes. FH ACE has a well-stocked store, knowledgeable staff, EXCEPTIONALLY friendly atmosphere and a 150% CUSTOMER-DRIVEN-driven ethic. I mean, no matter when I go in these people - without fail - double and triple serve you to make sure you have what you need. TO THE PERSON they are awesome! It's got to be a top-down thing so kudos to the Owner and Kudos to the team! This store deserves any business you can give them!
This store - this store representing Apple - has seriously jumped the shark!Everytime I go here - which lately has been FAR too often - I've wanted to pull my freaking hair out in agony. Let me add a disclaimer that there are a few decent people in this store. That said, give me a break! This place is awful and most of the reps are so wrapped up in their 'systems' and protocols, they've seriously forgotten why they're instituted in the first place. The store is incapable and uninterested in delivering excellent customer service outside of a "protocol" or in any given moment, and as far as going the "extra mile" to deliver for the customer: Forget It! In fact "extra" would not be included in a "step" and therefore, not possible.  I've had a problem with my NEW MacBook and let me tell you, it's been a NIGHTMARE to deal with. I finally thought it was over & resolved but alas, no such luck. They've under delivered once again. To say I'm infuriated is an understatement. Let's see if/how they make this right. Cause WOW... there sure has been a lot that's been wrong. In fact, that's the worst part. Nobody seems to give a ****. It's unbelievable. So ya, we'll see..
Awful. Awful. Awful. Awful. Awful.They are an AWFUL company with a CRAP product.I agree with every Poster - same experience. And they additionally RIPPED me off by overcharging me DOUBLE and then KEEPING my money. And then yes - no recourse and never a manager available to intervene. DISGUSTING.The thing is, technology and other companies eventually "catch-up." Century Link, Dish, etc. etc.  And when that happens, these monopolistic companies suddenly FALL, because they've provided such HORRID service for SO LONG. Until then, you SUCK, Cox.Bye from me.
I was really hoping to say that I finally found a recommendation-worthy Chinese restaurant in FH; unfortunately, that's NOT the case here.  I started small this first visit &ordered the Lettuce Wraps and Egg Drop Soup. Can't go wrong, right? Wrong!Lettuce Wraps:  Opened the box to find 3 leaves of lettuce & the "fixings". And by "leaves" I mean: exceptionally tiny, greenish/white "leaf-lettes"from an apparent mini-head of lettuce. Being that Lettuce Wraps are usually eaten by "wrapping" the lettuce around the fixings (hence the name), it was a futile experience to attempt to WRAP the baby leaflettes around anything!! Egg Drop Soup: I should admit that I often drive to Jade Palace on 92nd & Shea JUST for the Egg Drop Soup; it's THAT good! So while the bar was set high, I still thought it achievable. #1. It's Egg Drop Veggie Soup. Which is fine, if you like a really "meaty" spoonful of egg-drop soup - which I do not!  Here's what I found i: beans, pea pods, cucumber, green onion, white onion, carrots, and some lovely mushy tofu. It was LOADED.Here's what was NOT in the Egg Drop Soup: Anything resembling a lovely, rich egg-drop FLAVOR!In conclusion: Two major mis-fires. Far enough off the mark that I won't be returning.
While the place has a great location, the service was pitiful.  I sat down with my family and was ignored for 10 minutes.  We then ordered drinks and dinner.  It took 35 min for them to deliver one of our four drinks.  When I approached the manager she walked away. Terrible service.
Went there for our lunch during a long layover. The space was crowded with patrons. We stood at the entrance not knowing what to do since there were no one to greet us. It would be helpful if there was a sign to let us know. We had the fish and chips. It was delicious and the tartar sauce was great. The plate was big too! Our experience was good aside from the fact that people were confused at the entrance and when they're full they don't make an effort to clear the tables or let the customers know there's some people finishing. People ended up having to sit at dirty tables that was left by the previous patrons.
The best place I have ever tasted they have great service. Food OMG I cant explain it. I'm definately coming back. Amazing amazing amazing. Thank you for making my belly happy
Yummmmmmmmm/mmmmmmmmmy they are really good News deliisous yummmymmyymymymymmymy I can explain how good it is its so freaki g good
I've lived on the West Side of Cleveland for almost 3 years now, but have never been to Latitude 41N before today. And I'm sad that I haven't been there for breakfast until now. It was delicious!The restaurant is bright and welcoming with a lot of windows that look out on Detroit Avenue. It's a "counter service, bring food to table" type of restaurant, so diners must order at the desk in back of the restaurant and wait at the tables for food. My breakfast companion and I were the first ones in the door at 8:00 AM, and he tells me that they do get very busy, especially on the weekends.We both ordered the Menage a Trois breakfast which is a steal for $4.95 and includes eggs, bacon, sausage made in house, home fries, toast, and coffee. I added a piece of french toast which was more like a cinnamon roll (but delicious) for $2 more. The coffee is unlimited and self-serve and there were two flavors available. Everything was delicious and I highly recommend this place!I did notice that they have a lunch and dinner menu (but close at 9:00 PM) so I will have to come back. They had a good selection of beer and wine as well and there is ample parking in a lot in the back (a plus for the growing Gordon Square area). I'll definitely return and soon!
Michael and I have been to Bonbon a few times for breakfast and have loved it. I usually get the Breakfast Special which includes eggs, bacon, and some of the best foccacia around. The Western New Yorker in me is tickled to see Genesse Beer on the menu (plus you can get it for breakfast!) The coffee is great (french press) and so are the scones. I brought scones to work a few weeks ago and they were a hit!Michael raved about the Biscuits and Gravy which were far from the traditional "Bob Evans style" that you can get just about anywhere. The sauce was light, with sweet sausage, and the brioche biscuits would have been awesome on their own.Michael was looking for a birthday cake for my 40th, and Courtney and company at Bonbon hit it out of the park. They designed a beautiful Frank Lloyd Wright-inspired carrot cake that was as delicious as it was nice to look at. I had to upload a picture of it!We'll definitely be back for pastries, cake, and breakfast sometime soon!
This is the first we've used them. We had a great experience from start to finish. Super convenient and economical. I had my reservations on how fast they would deliver and pick up. But now I know I can count on them.
I love their pizza! Their service is great, a real personal feel to it. They brought out some delicious chunky blue cheese dressing for us to dip our pizza in and OMG! I crave their pizza all the time and hate that I don't live in Tempe so I can't satisfy my craving. A most go place for new york style pizza.
Nevada Lawn Enforcement did a great job on my yard! I needed my front yard blown out, de-weeded, and an irrigation checkup for some dying plants. They arrived within the 1 hour time window provided for the free estimate (1 hour window! not 4 like so many businesses!) Hector provided me an estimate and listened to want I wanted done. They came back to do the work within 5 days and left an invoice that was the same as the estimate (no surprise charges here!) They did a great job and the price was very reasonable.I also loved that I could pay my bill online, very convenient! I will definitely be a return customer!
In March I took my 2001 Toyota Avalon to Midas for new rear and front struts and strut mounts, as well as new front lower control arms. When I picked up my car from Midas the skid control and ABS lights were on (which were NOT on when I left my car at Midas). The problem could not be solved while I was at the store due to closing. So I took my car to the Toyota dealership and they found the rear speed sensor had been damaged and also found a zip tie holding a bolt in place on the rear suspension! Cost me $611 to fix (minus $99 for alignment)! I have since filed a complaint with Midas and BBB and Midas has done NOTHING but drag their heels. The consumer relations rep never calls back when he says he will and keeps giving me some excuse about being in California! I will NEVER take my car to Midas again. I expect a refund for the DAMAGE they caused to my car that Toyota had to fix! Terrible Service. Take your car to Midas at your own risk! Oh and Midas didn't even correctly put the back seat back in my car after installing the struts. Only one of the three seat belt buckles were reinserted into the seat cushion. I had to remove the seat and fix the buckles myself! Apparently they aren't concerned whether their customers can wear seatbelts after they're done with the car!Edit: The 3-stars are for Pete and the work he did on my struts. The situation has since been resolved in conjunction with Midas owner.
Overall I had a very good experience here. They accidentally double booked appointments so the appointment ended up starting about 15 min late while Ivan picked up Alexa; however, I wasn't in a rush so I didn't mind waiting and was glad they didn't just ask to reschedule me. The haircut itself was great! Ivan did a wonderful job and I loved how he did my layers in the back! They only take cash though which I did not know so I had to run to an ATM to get money. They should definitely post this on their website and inform any new customers of this when making the appointment as I imagine most people don't walk around with close to $80 in their wallet and I had to pay a ATM fee since my bank was not in the plaza. If it weren't for the cash/ATM incident and the double booking I would say it was a 5 star experience!
Love this place! I didn't realize what a mess my eyebrows were until Whitney did her magic! The waxing was pretty much painless and the tinting matched me great! I was seen right away and was done within 30min and the price was very affordable! Will definitely be going back here to keep my eyebrows sharp!
This place is amazing value,  if you book online you can get it as low as $15 and night,  we wound up paying $30,  but compared to the $500 alternatives,  there is nothing to grumble about. The rooms are spacious and colorful,  it's a short walk to the elevators,   you can walk to the strip from the hotel and the pool is open 24 hours!   Hell you even get a free chicken wings and beer for 15 cents if you take them up of the special offers!I've stayed here 3 times now - just for a weekend,  and if you are doing it on  your own dime,  I don't see any point in going anywhere else.     Sure the Palazzo and The Hotel are great,   but are they really worth spending that extra $200-$300 on,  when that money could be going to towards the Aria buffet!Need I say more!
This restaurant has the best food and a wonderful warm atmosphere. The owner and staff are warm and friendly -- great people! I love the quotes on the walls. It is a quaint place, less than a dozen tables, so you won't be treated like it's a franchise. I go there almost once a week. I highly recommend it to everyone.
We eat here each week and love it. The service is excellent and the food is as good as it gets for Las Vegas. They also give you a complementary desert. Nice place and nice people.
The Alamo Rental Car place at McCarran is great.  This is what I did and literally went from the plane to the Alamo shuttle to the Rental Car Center *directly* to the car with NO line or need to go to an Alamo agent.  Saves tons of time and is very easy.They are also very reasonably priced, and you only need one shuttle directly to the main rental center at McCarran; for some places you need to take another shuttle from the rental center to the company's center - not Alamo at McCarran.First, sign up for an Alamo account online.  It's free.  Pick your car and choose the "Skip the Counter" option when you check out.  Supply your payment and license info, print out your "Skip the Counter Agreement", show the agreement and your license and credit card to the exit assistant when you dive out, and you're on your way.Make sure you use the same credit card to reserve the car that you will have on you when you leave the rental car center.Also, most credit cards will cover you for rental insurance, and if they don't, most car insurance will cover most things concerning rental car insurance.  Everyone's plan is different, but be sure to check before you go.  If you're covered, decline all the Alamo insurance and it's even cheaper.
Had a previous BAD service experience with this dealership but decided to give them another try. I called to make an appointment and was told that all the service people were busy and that someone would call me back. After a few days with no call back, I phoned again. The phone just rang on. Called again on another day with the same result - no one picked up the phone. It's now been 2 1/2 weeks - pretty sure no one is calling me back. I called another Honda dealership - phone was answered immediately by a very pleasant person, was transferred to service and they picked up right away. Sorry Meadowvale Honda. You've lost my business. No stars for you even though the system makes me leave one.Went to Mississauga Honda on Motorway and was VERY impressed and happy with them.
Pleasant decor and nice location with plenty of local parking. The food will appeal to traditionalists who prefer plain food with very little seasoning.  Many of the dishes have seen the fryer. They also feature kitchen-table dishes like pork and beans. My quiche was very soft in the middle, perhaps I would have enjoyed it with more time in the oven and some spices and herbs.
I want to love this restaurant.  The Italian food was great, the service excellent but newly-opened Borgo Antico needs some fixes to make me want to return.With this lovely location, it would be worth investing in textile baffles, soft wall panels and furnishings to improve the acoustics.  We had to converse in really loud voices to overcome noise echoing around the space.While we were happy with the food, which was nicely prepared, and fairly priced, the wine list was too ambitious.  Many wines, but very few that were moderately priced.  Some wine options in the more reasonable price range would be appreciated.
Great in the spring and summer.  Even in fall and winter this place by the lake is fun. Fireplace, scrumptious seafood, heated patio, beautiful bar, live music Friday and Saturday ........and did I say scrumptious seafood?
Beautiful ambience and decor, which is the main appeal.  The waiter provided only prix fix menus (3 courses). When we asked why, he removed these and (reluctantly?) gave us a la carte menus, not all of us wanted 3 courses.The crab cake was good but the salad garnish was oil-soaked. The chickpea tajine was dry and surprisingly bland.  The chicken peri peri was only moderately spicy, and came with mashed potatoes. Desserts looked good.While the waiters were less than enthusiastic, the belly dancer was delightful and charming.
Nothing spicy or adventurous.  Just home cooked food served at a very leisurely pace.  You can bring your own wine (reasonable corkage) and will want to do that if you are looking for some choices.I would love to see the owners invest in refreshing the decor, because this is an excellent concept...unpretentious dining in a house converted to resto with a very pleasant host.
The burgers are sloppy, the meat has almost no flavor, and whomever thought shoestring fries were a good idea needs to be slapped. I don't think that there was a single enjoyable thing to my visit here and I don't see myself ever returning. Even McDonalds seasons their meat.....
Needed to find a new BBQ place since are go to closed down. This was very good food, the menu is a little limited but they have all the basics for BBQ. Got a pulled prok sandwich which was great, meat was super tender. Boyfriend got the nachos with pulled pork which was also great. We both agree that this will be our new BBQ place.
We adore PoPo's. I love going here because everything that we've had thus far has been pretty much perfect. The flour chips with the queso spinach dip are so effin' tastey and the shredded chicken is up there with the best ever. But there is one down side to at least this location...Manuel. He is a server that apparently hates his job or at least he hates the customers. His answer to what is the "green sauce" like was.... "it's like the red but green"............. This is on top of terrible service from him in general, l so if you go stay away from his section and you should be fine :-)
I have yet  to eat anything there that hasn't been great. I am on a special diet now and the fact that they have gluten free with Vegan options was great. I know that doesn't sound good at all to 90% of the people reading this but it was actually still a really good pizza.
Decent coffee, most of the speciality drinks are on the sweet side but still good. The service sometimes takes awhile but the people are always friendly. Being open 24 hours is also nice.
Been here before and was disappointed by the sundae we got, it was very small and maybe only had 1 cookie in the whole thing. We tried it again today to have lunch and was pleasantly surprised at how well they do burgers and sandwiches. Their cheese curds were really tasty as well and the malt had decent malt flavor. This has changed our initial idea of the restaurant. I would still go somewhere else for a sundae though.
Good pizza, and not in the "all pizza is good pizza because its pizza" kind of way. Ample toppings and good crust.
I'm trying really hard to lose weight and places like this just aren't helping what so ever. SO and I went in to try it out after his co worker told him about it. Interesting place with a lot of good recipes, the create your own option is awesome as well. I picked a few flavors to try and I have never ever had a better donut. This place is great. Having first thought it was a senior dating service, I am so glad I was wrong.
The food was suprising delicious, I'd previously heard that British food was terrible. Anything that they fry has the best batter and the Scotch Egg w ordered was fantastic. We definitely plan on going again and trying more of the food.
I cannot for the life of me understand the hype with this place. The meat is unseasoned and all of their topping are so basic I could probably do a better job just cooking at home. There is absolutely nothing about this place that makes it worth going to and I think people need to stop jumping on bandwagons just because they can.
The food is very good, I loved the meat loaf and the lemon mascarpone cheesecake was terrific. The waitress was very friendly.
It was good food (superb bacon) but the atmosphere is a bit more hipster than I typically enjoy.  It seemed a little on the pricey side but it may be worth it depending on what you get.
I love their lobster bisque and Pecan/Praline cheesecake. The stuffed crabs and fried crawfish are also very delicious. Its a little pricey but its worth it more often than not.
Probably great food, wouldn't know because the customer service at this location was very poor. Walked in at 6PM to place a take out order. No one in line, great! Placed my order and took their offer for some free water while I wait. Fast-forward 20 minutes and the place is starting to get a little busy. The take out and dine in lines are taking all of the attention of the two employees working behind the counter. These two were on top of their game, right before servicing me that is. Everyone else that was waiting when I walked in had been all packed up and sent away with a smile. Not me..I saw my food was up, sitting on the counter where the cooks push the orders, getting colder (no lids) as each minute passed. Five minutes later and several customers serviced without either employee ever checking to see if any food was up. I was there first, right? Why does my food have to sit and why do I have to wait another 5+ minutes when I have already been there for 20?? I was pretty upset at this point, but insanity didn't set in until the third employee, (supervisor, or manager, I assume due to attire) came from the back to help out. I was happy to see her and she immediately started to direct traffic. She pointed to the customers waiting, making sure the other two employees didn't stop taking orders, then she started to pack my food. The phone rings and that's when it went from bad, to worse. She stopped packing for me and spent at least another two minutes, or so taking a complete phone order. Why not just place that little guy on hold and finish packing my two tiny dishes? I don't even need a bag, just the food! I'm so close to it! I wanted to walk back and grab it myself! I mean, I already paid, so technically it was mine, right? Anyways, when she finally packaged my food, she asked me if I need chopsticks, etc., and I calmly asked if she was the manager. I told her why I was upset and that I just wanted my money back. I explained it thoroughly and the only comment she made was that I could take the food, which I did not. I doubt that this review will stop anyone from eating here. I mean, surely the food is good and what I am complaining about wont make you sick. However, if you are someone that feels strongly about good customer service and that the customer is always right, then maybe you will think twice before spending your money in a place that doesn't care about you. I will now never eat at a Pei Wei, or a PF Changs..And I will make sure that everyone I know hears this story.
My daughter lost her phone on a ride at Circus Circus. It fell out of her pocket, about a 40ft drop onto the concrete and it was obliterated!! The techs here were able to bring it back to life and it's unreal that the phone still works, just about as good as new. And in less than an hour, for about half of the price I was quoted from a few other repair shops. Thanks guys for your outstanding service!! I will be referring a ton of people to your business..
After being involved in an accident, I knew that I needed an attorney to support me through the recovery process. I turned to the web for help, though was confused trying to sort through the endless ads for accident related personal injury firms. I came across Robert Sidell on Yelp and after reading through all of the great reviews I decided to call. It was 730PM, and someone answered the phone and even gave me immediate advice. I decided to give him a chance and really glad that I did. The process was long and complicated, no way that I could have navigated through on my own. Robert and his staff took care of everything, even providing referrals to doctors that put me back on the road to recovery. I would recommend Robert Sidell and his firm to anyone looking for guidance in the confusing time after an accident as they will take care of everything and put your mind at ease.
This is by far one of the best jewelry stores in Las Vegas.  They have beautiful quality jewelry at affordable prices and exceptional customer service! Jose Luis and Melvin go out of there way to make sure you are happy with your purchase.  I have been going there for over 3 years and I wouldn't think about going anywhere else to buy jewelry. They have something for the whole family! They do jewelry repair, piercings and much more. This is your one stop for all things jewelry!! The prices and great customer service can't be beat.
From the moment you walk in the door you are greeted with a smile. The team here is amazing. They truly care for your furry friend. I will be moving to spring valley soon and will definitely drive all the way back if I need too. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
Really good service, the staff was very welcoming and the service was quick. After ordering we received our first dish and many of the following less than 10 minutes after which was on a semi busy Friday night. Me and my friends ordered a roll, the seafood pancake which was ($14 I believe) much bigger than expected looking at the menu picture it is enough to share with 4 people or even fill one person if you're ordering only that dish. The sashimi was very fresh and the sauce was just right. The sushi that came was blow torched, and all of the fish tasted very very fresh and refreshing. Atmosphere of the place was very welcoming. You go in and there is a sushi bar, and to the open area there are many tables for bigger groups to sit. Many decorations of sake on the shelves that make the place authentic Japanese and there is very dim lighting - that's why the photos are so dark.
Atmosphere: very busy and loud restaurant, good environment for a group of friends to chat. It would be too loud for a quiet date or catch up. The decorations and lighting was very bright, they have booths and open areas. Food: many friends have recommended me to come here for their toast dessert. Warning: to order the dessert you need to wait 30 minutes for them to make it. The dessert toast, was deep fried, more toast than there was ice cream and whip cream leaving it to be very bready. I've order the mango one before and that one was my favorite, it had many real mango chunks. This dessert can be shared amongst 4 people to finish, it would be difficult to finish with one person as it is very sweet and filling. As for the main meals they have a Japanese fusion of foods. They had ramen which wasn't bad but not great. I would definitely recommend trying the omelette egg with fried rice in the inside.
It wasn't my favorite poke place out of the other ones in Toronto. However they do have a great variety in one box. I was surprised to find pineapple and melon in my poke box, fruit isn't my favorite in these dishes however it was an interesting mix. A regular preset box is about $15 including tax.
It was a really good experience. I went in middle of August, knowing that it was very popular the line up was very long, it took about 30 minute wait around 7pm? No seats inside to eat your ice cream but it was worth the wait! There was many different flavours to choose from, ones that you do not normally see at regular ice cream shops. Ice cream was very rich and thick. I tired their london fog ice cream cookie sandwich, a half size. Cookies were big you can expect to pay at least $7 and up. Staff was very friendly and the atmosphere of the place was definitely hipster. Brought a warm welcoming feeling. I would definitely recommend if you are in the area!
Service: staff was very friendly and accommodating. They were very attentive to your needs and very happy. Food: 3.5/5 we had the Japanese fusion fries and the miso meat spaghetti. The fries could have been crispier and more sauce on the bottom. The spaghetti was very flavorful however too salty and cheesy for our liking. Both portions were enough for one person per dish so it was definitely very filling. Ambiance: very minimalistic restaurant. Nice decor, bright and open. Comfy couches.
Food: if you are looking for a very cheap and affordable meal for your friends and family this is definitely the place to go. All the pictures I posted were for a family of four, it could fill a family of 5-6 with tax and tip it rounds up to $67. There was a lot of variety, vegetable and meat dishes. However, with the additives you can taste the msg afterwards. Service: food came quickly after sitting down. Waiters were nice and responded quickly to your needs. Spoke in English and Chinese.Ambiance: traditional Chinese restaurant setting, round tables. Loud environment. OPEN 24/7
Service: very fast, amazing quality sushi. Food: presentation of the sushi was very impressive. Sushi rolls was garnished with herbs. Specialities included torched sushi and speciality sashimi that is on the house. Sashimi was very thick and rich. Not like other ayce places this location is very generous with the meat. They also had beef sashimi which a lot of places don't have. Food is vey aesthetic perfect for taking your snaps and instagram photos. The grilled meats were also very juicy and flavorful. Ambiance: loud, energetic and exciting environment. Dim lighting, a lot of young adults. They played good millennial music perfect throwbacks for he audience. PROTIP: you MUST book ahead of time at least the day before or latest the morning of, if you walk in there is little chance that you'll get seats. Or you may have to wait a couple of hours. THIS PLACE IS VERY POPULAR.
Found in the food court in first markham place highway 7 and woodbine. The employees were very friendly and if you were to look for a Korean place to eat here definitely pick the pork bone soup which is the most popular dish here. With tax, the pork bone soup is $9.00 and it comes with a side. Portion size is very filling and it's enough to fill one person, pork bones have generous amounts of meat worth the price.
In reading these reviews, I feel like it's my duty to champion the Siam Caf. We've had a very intimate relationship over the years. Many sit-ups were done in the name of the Siam Cafe. When it is my birthday, when I come into town, when it's Mother's or Father's Day, after church when all the other places are closed, when I got dumped, when at the stage of a relationship and I wanted to see the unnatural limits of how much a human body could consume, I went to the Siam Caf. There are multiple waiters that I have seen come and go, but there is only one that you will ever want. He's a tall Asian man with the skinniest looking, drawn in moustache you'll ever see. The man is a matradee.Don't order fried rice, noodles, lo mein, or anything that you have ever ordered at a Panda Express. If that's what you want, stay there, but here in the Siam Caf, be bold and take chances with your diet: the clams in black bean sauce, the boiled chicken, seafood platter, the wonton soup, and the beef tenderloin.I won't argue that the place will get busy, but like others said, they are catering to parties of ten or more. Don't be shy here. Raise your hand or yell out for a waiter. If the staff doesn't get to you, the hostess or host will find you. Rarely do I ever see anyone simply standing around here. "Long in the tooth?" An expression that is such a telling statement on itself. The place was a converted family restaurant and not too much has changed but I don't go there for the atmosphere. I go there for the food. It's my hopes that anyone who goes there goes for that single purpose.The Siam Caf is the place to take your loved ones and if you have love great food. If you ever need a recommendation here, feel free to message me. I am the Siam Caf's People's Champ. But if I get back into town, you might have to treat me.
How do you know the beer is good? Better yet, how do you know it's strong? When the bar itself puts a limit on how many Christmas Ales it is allowed to serve you.It really is a home. Not in that drunken Barney, The Simpson's, type of fashion. In that Norm and Clifford type of way, but to think of it - I'm not sure if that is an improvement. The staff are helpful - they're beer lovers, and they're always getting new brews and they encourage everyone to sample the beers.- Hey try this new beer.- Why thank you. Of course I will accept a tasting of free beer.Most of the wait staff are friends, and afterwards, when their shift has ended - they've joined me for a couple of beers. It's never a place that you're alone - the people that work there to the patrons are always friendly. It's a great environment, and I'm getting homesick just talking about it. The layout is pretty impressive. There's an upstairs for dining. There is also another section for dining on the main floor, plus a pub. Next door is "The Beer Garden," which is an outside dining area that can be enclosed - with a fire place. Then there's a downstairs area, which is more like a English Pub. And of course, when the weather is right - the entire area in the front is converted into a dining area.In March from the 16th to the 24th. You can find me there, and if I'm on the floor - leave a post it note on me that says hi.
An old high school friend and I reconnected. The last time she was in San Diego, we had sushi, so when I rolled into town for the holidays, it was time to have sushi in Cleveland. She recommended a place that had just opened and I knew of the area. It was in Parma. Parma? Yes, Parma. Parma? I invited my roommate, another common friend of ours from high school that had never had sushi in her life, and friend who is in seminary, who the day before had too much Christmas Ale and puked twice. He's a huggy drunk.I'll be honest, I had my reservations about the place, especially when I saw their rolls which were small and thin. The only time small and thin is a positive thing is when I'm trying to describe a date. Outside of that, small and thin are never positives when referring to penis sizes or sushi rolls. But with that said, I don't rolls or do bento boxes or care for people flipping my food on a grill (I actually have uncles that do that for a living), but what I do care for is sashimi. I simply eat raw fish and let me say, their sashimi quality and price are almost the best I've seen. The pieces are large and you can get an 18 piece of sashimi for around 20 dollars. That is almost unheard of in California. It is easily a 35 to 40 dollar meal here. The cuts are large and flavor was almost artistic. Salmon is my staple, but to my surprise they even had white tuna. Both types of fish melt in your mouth. If you're sophisticated aficionado of sashimi, this is a gem on the west side of town--Parma? Yes, in Parma.
ABC Tavern was a happy mistake. I was in Cleveland for the holidays visiting my family and friends at the Garage Bar across the street. I had bought gloves and shanghaied someone's scarf and wondered what part of spending winter in Cleveland was a good idea. After drinking at the Garage Bar, my friend said, "I'm hungry." She and I dumped our friends and texted them to meet us across the street at the ABC Tavern.I won't go into the 1950 nudes in the back, the bowling machine, the upper area private area, or how my friend and I played "Can You Spot the Lesbian," which I won, because the bi girl I spotted was used as the tie breaker. What I will talk about was how my friends and I discovered two key things there. The first one was called Kentucky Bourbon Ale. I stopped drinking Christmas Ale that night (and who was the moron who started this lacing the rim with cinnamon? This is coming from a California guy and we're the ones who shove oranges into our beers), but I've digressed, and made new friends with the Kentucky Bourbon Ale and it gave me its number. I'm waiting three days to call, but I want to call it now. I texted Christmas Ale and said we have to see new people. The second thing I discovered there was the Atomic Dog. I was drunk and hungry. If I smoked weed, I can only imagine how much tastier it would be. I even went back the next day sober to see if I was right and you know what, I was. Now close your eyes. Actually don't, you can't read the rest of it if you. Get someone to read the rest to you. Make it your mom. I'll wait.Still waiting.All right, close your eyes and imagine the best hot dog that you'll ever taste. It's big and juicy. It is the gayest experience in your mouth next to that one and only time your uncle babysat you and let you drink all those tasty wine coolers all night long. The hot dog is wrapped with bacon and the dogs are sliced, and inside are jalapeo peppers. I believe there is a hollandaise sauce on the hot dog. It's not just food, it's an explosion in your mouth.
Horrible service, no sense of urgency, was diagnosed with a heart attack after the fact and took 20 minutes to take me in. Do not go
Probably the best Peruvian and Mexican food I have tasted from a food truck in Vegas by far. Much better than actual Mexican restaurants as well!! And the prices are great. I recommend the Lomo Saltado, one of my personal favorites when it comes to Peruvian food. Also, s/o to Tim and Norma (owners), they are very friendly and cook delicious food!! Highly recommend
One of the best place we ever eat in! We travel a lot and tried many places across the country. Looking at previous negative reviews I have to wonder if they are about the same place we had our lunch in today. The place is spotless clean and cozy, nice ambient and music. The high chair for our son was the cleanest one we ever seen in a restaurant. The food is fresh and tasty, with a wonderful flavor combining French and Mediterranean cuisine. Our 1 year old couldn't stop eating the hummus and bread. The prices are fair for the quality of the offered dishes (there is no place offering a generous sized humus dish for only $5, not even in the Middle East where the price is almost double).Useless to mention that desserts were to die for. Service was perfect, attentive and tending to all our needs. Definitely a place we will visit again when back in the area.
Decent place, decent food. Nothing more. Just a regular sport bar. The humus was bland, the Hungry Monk Tripple was nothing as described, but an average to small sandwich far from being pilled with meat. A bit overpriced for what was offered. Three cheese Quesadilla was nothing to remember also. The place is enjoyed by the locals, yet nothing I would recommend if traveling and looking for a special place to eat.
Authentic Korean BBQ. I do recommend this place for anyone who loves Korean food. We have tried the original Bimbimbap; it is really good.
Great wings, amazing honey biscuits! A great local wing place that ya gotta check out! Dine in or order it to go. The staff is friendly and welcoming.
Sent my measurements in a couple of weeks ago, came in today with my party to try everything on and everything fit great. We did have a couple of adjustments for a couple of other guys in our party but they took care of them on the spot. Great customer service!!
For the size this store is,  the selection isn't bad and the staff is friendly.  We always check it out when daughter comes back to school for her Japanese necessities. Parking is a drag tho which is the worst part. They have some bakery items as well which we always enjoy.
Farewell lunch with the college daughter.  I had corned beef hash and Swiss omelet.  The corned beef was great and fresh.  Lyonaisse potatoes lived up to its reputation.  Hubby and youngest daughter got banana chocolate chip pancakes which were super sweet and  Crispy.  Oldest got blueberry pancakes.  It was filled with giant blueberries and brown sugar and had a slight saltiness to it. Yummy! Food came out fast tho our server never refilled our drinks despite us asking at the counter, hence the three stars instead of four.
Long time client of Monica Thomas, and there's a reason... She's just that good.I have had monthly waxing appointments and periodic facials done with Monica.  She is friendly and unassuming where I feel comfortable telling her my "biz-ness" for the areas I want waxed.  She is thorough enough where I am not hurting afterwards (quick and concise moves).  The facials are heavenly.  I walk away with smooth and lustrous skin, with a delightful feeling of relaxing "ahh".  May have something to do with how warm I feel from her hand and feet warmers and cozy blankies ;).  She love, love, loves extractions.  She really shows those black-heads who's boss - not on my watch kind of attitude.  And I don't breakout after the facial, which was the case with some other facials I tried.
My friend and I went to breakfast on a Thursday morning at the Flamingo location.  The staff was very friendly.  Adam was our server, who was helpful about the menu items and very attentive about our particular requests (water no ice, Cooking spray vs butter for the omelet, etc).The steak and eggs breakfast was some of the best I have had in a while.  I enjoyed a treat with the Pot O'Bread, requesting the cream cheese syrup on the side instead of butter.  It was yummy-moan-worthy-goodness.Their organic hot sauce has sadly spoiled me from all others.  If I use Tapatio, Cholula or Tabasco at another restaurant, I find myself thinking fondly of Rise & Shine's hot sauce... which I had to purchase.
Delicious! Service could be very slow depending on the day but worth it! Just go early or call first to see how busy they are. I've had the haddock fish and chips and bass and they are just delicioso. The fries are really good too. Very affordable as well.
I have nothing but great compliments to say about this clinic.  My grand daughter had a regular appointment for her first check-up.  She is about 3 years old and prefers juice instead of milk.  The doctor found 9 cavities and of course we were all upset, but the doc calmed us down, treat the one cavity and scheduled us for the rest.  It was a painless treatment for the 3 year old and I think I have more anxiety than the baby.  She went thru the treatment with flying colors and we are scheduled to be back for the other 8 cavities.  Thank you Dr. Scott.
Unique and interesting menu, all freshly made.  The salads are fantastic.  Very open and airy with patio seating on Camelback Road.  Cartel coffee and freshly made juices are a great addition to the breakfast menu.  The staff told us a Happy Hour is coming soon.  Great location.
Going in I was excited to see how beautiful the shop was and the variety of different nail polishes. I went in for a mani pedi combo. The mani was anything but she sprayed my nails with some type of solution and cleaned up my cuticles. When I asked Rosey to shape my nails she wouldn't do it bc I have acrylic over my real nails. When I asked her why didn't I get to soak my hands she gave me the same reply. If I had known it the service would be so mediocre I would've opted for a polish change. Polish is also thick and lumpy. The pedicure was disappointing also the guy did good a job on my toe nails but not my feet. There was barely scrubbing or massage. When I left the back of my legs were white bc he did not fully remove product. And just when I thought my experience couldn't get any worse as I'm getting ready to let my nails dry the receptionist was telling the nail tech "these girls (customers) need to hurry the h*** up and pay bc I need to go" I assume it's bc they were closing. I don't recommend you go here the customer service is horrible and nail techs are not qualified or lack basic experience.
Rat feces and urine in my air vents. Makes sense why I'm sick so much. The first few rats were caught, so I thought my problem was gone.. Unfortunately I was wrong. I could still hear them wrestling around though the walls. The entire 160's complex is rat infested...
They could not have been more helpful when I was in a panic and had a rush request. Everything was done exactly when they said it would be in exactly the way they said it would. Joe, who helped me, was friendly, accommodating, and extremely efficient. Have never had such a positive printing experience.
I've been going to Ruffin' It for nearly two years, so I feel like I have a pretty good body of evidence to rate the service and the staff and both are great.  My wife and I have two very high energy dogs, Daisy, a German Shorthair Pointer (2.5 years) and Jordy, an Australian Shepherd (10 months).  My wife and I both work a lot and travel for work, so our two pups spend a lot of time at Ruffin' It in both daycare and the hotel. I'll start with the daycare.  Daisy, my GSP, quickly "graduated" to Yosemite, the park for big, high energy dogs.  She currently goes 5 days a week and I can't say enough about the daycare.  Daisy has two modes - full speed and sleep. I can't even imagine what she would do to my home if she didn't get the chance to spend her energy all day at Ruffin' It.  Daisy is also a little OCD and has issues with light and reflections.  The caretakers do an excellent job of distracting her or redirecting her if she gets caught up chasing a reflection.  She [obviously] has a short coat and is fairly skinny and they do a great job of bundling her up in the winter when necessary.  Jordy, our Aussie, spends 2-3 days per week in the Yellowstone park.  They keep our pups separate so they don't gang up on other dogs (which they would), but Jordy gets plenty of exercise and play in Yellowstone.  Both of our dogs are zonked out in the back seat of my truck by the time I get onto the belt line.Now for the hotel.  Our dogs may be the most frequent fliers in the hotel and they love going there and we love taking them there.  The customer service is amazing.  One time we didn't bring enough food for their stay, so they went to the store and got a bag of their brand and flavor of food.  Another time we didn't have enough of Daisy's anxiety medication, and they had someone stop by our vet to pick up the prescription.  They call us if there are any concerns with our dogs.  I've never had an issue with the dogs getting fed the wrong food or the wrong amount (they keep the food you bring in your dog's kennel).  I also love that they get a free bath when they stay three nights.  It is so nice to pick up a clean, happy and tired dog at the end of a long week on the road.Ruffin' It isn't cheap, but I believe that you get what you pay for at Ruffin' It.  The staff care about the dogs as their own (many bring their own dogs to the daycare).  We went to another daycare and boarding facility when Ruffin' It was full.  The dogs came back dirty and didn't seem happy when I picked them up.  Daisy had lost about 5 pounds (she is a skinny dog and it is tough to keep her at a healthy weight), while Jordy was about 5 pounds heavier.  They obviously did not follow our request to feed the dogs separately and at specific times.  That would never be an issue at Ruffin' It.Renee, the owner, is great and does an excellent job with her pack leaders.  You can see that she leads by example as she greets the dogs by name and with a pet when she is at the front desk.
The owner is so nice and personable. She came to check on the customers to see how they enjoyed the food and had an aim to make sure every customer was satisfied.
I've eaten here for two days in a row now while in Charlotte on business. It is clean...tables floor...everything.  Staff was very friendly.  And prices are in the park. Try the new chorizo omelet. ..spicy.Best IHOP I've done.
My coworker and I stopped here for lunch today. The selections on the menu are plentiful and overwhelming. I was impressed with the variety of vegetarian options. I had the gaucho burrito, and my coworker had the Azteca Tinga burrito. The food was amazing! Make sure you get the horchata. It was the best I've ever had. There were strawberries, apples, and nuts in the drink. You will be mad at yourself later if you don't order it. The salsa bar is also ridiculously good, but your burrito will need no condiments.
I ate here with friends after they renewed their wedding vows. I am sad to be leaving this teppanyaki behind. I will dream about it fortnightly. After sampling the yum yum sauce as well as the ridiculously delicious fried rice, I tried to convince the chef to move to Arizona. The chicken was tender and perfection. Don't forget to add sake. We enjoyed the Kurosawa and Drunken Whale. Also, be sure to tell them you like the fat on your steak. They will grill it up and incorporate it into a sauce that will make you propose to the chef--who would only identify himself as Sum Yung Cook. You're always welcome in Tucson Sum Yung Cook!
I absolutely love Bonanza Cat Hospital.  I have a very sick Bengal kitty, who they've been treating.  I made an appointment when I noticed that her face may be paralyzed following a recent ear infection.  Once the doc saw my cat, she immediately took X-rays and ran a thorough exam.  She apologized for my wait, but insisted on taking the time necessary to figure out what was going on.  The X-rays revealed that either the infection was growing internally only or that we were dealing with cancer.  Due to my cat's young age, we were all hoping cancer was unlikely.They have taken wonderful care of her, even during an emergency drop-off.  It makes sense to fill out a form when there is an emergency.  It helps inform them stay on top of what's going on and document health changes.  The form is one page and super easy to fill.They kept my cat for three days to watch her progress. They tweaked her medication, fed her, and kept her in a very clean environment the whole time.  They sent me home with additional meds and a pill-popper, which they showed me how to use.  Unfortunately, my sweet girl does have cancer.  Both doctors at have handled our situation with the heartfelt patience and empathy.I expected all of the medical expenses to cost me well over $1,500 but was surprised to find that all bills combined were actually just a fraction of what I expected.I have another cat - also a Bengal - and I absolutely feel comfortable taking her to Bonanza Cat Hospital.  They've seen her, too, and she's the picture of perfect health.I'd also like to add that while I was waiting on testing to be done on my cat, one of the Poppy Cats curled up on my lap.  The sweet girl's purring was exactly what I needed to help keep me calm while I waited on my own cat's results.Best cat vet ever, if you ask me.
AllgemeinWaren zum Brunch mit 8 Personen (extra aus Kln angereist) Frhstck-Brunch war ok, Mittags-Brunch eine Katastrophe. Note von 1-6 (sehr gut-ngengend) von allen eine klare 6 !!!!!BedienungDie Bedienung war sehr freundlich und zuvorkommend. Sie konnten ja nach eigener Aussage nichts dafr, das nach einer halben Stunde Mittags-Brunch schon ein Groteil nicht mehr da war und so gut wie garnicht nachgefllt wurde.Das EssenWie schon erwhnt war das Mittags- Brunch eine Katastrophe. Ein warmes Essen als Auswahl ( welche Auswahl ? ). Hhnchen- Geschnetzeltes mit Sptzle. Nachtisch war in krzerste Zeit vergriffen, schon nach ca. 20 Minuten. Es wurde aber nicht nachgefllt. Die Kellnerin meinte nur es ist nichts mehr da. Was fr ein Brunch !!!!!. Aber eins mu man ja dem Pilum gut halten, die Schupfnudeln die keiner von allen anwesenden Gstengegessen hat wurden nachgefllt bis zum berlaufen. Somit ist auch nur ein Stern schon zuviel.Das AmbienteAm Ambiente war nichts auszusetzen. Eine Gemtliche Atmosphre.SauberkeitBis auf die Toiletten ( habe in der Gastronomie schon bedeutend bessere gesehen) war es ok.
Not a fan. Go to Total Wine instead - much cheaper & great options.
I love the atmosphere here. They have a huge selection of wine, and it's not stuffy at all. The food is delicious. It's an excellent place for an afternoon sip and a cheese/meat plate.
Very good beers and fantastic fish & chips! (Really, some of the best fish & chips around) This is a great place to watch a game, and it's approproate for children (although not over-run with them ;) ). It's clean, and the service is very good too. You should definately try it. And while you're at it, stop by the Irish pub next door.
So delicious! I've been twice now. Once with a couple of moms and our babies/toddlers. It was kid friendly - they have a few kid's options (which my picky eater ate happily) & a changing table. A note though, they only have 2 high chairs. This doesn't make the place better or worse - I just found it to be helpful info since I was with kids. I liked it so much I took my mom for mother's day. She loved it too, which isn't an easy feat. ;) I've had the build your own omlette, the french toast, a mocha & french macaroons. EVERYTHING was yummy. It's 4 instead of 5 because of the service. The girls were nice, but not super with it. ;) (i know that's mean, sorry, it's just true)
My cousin and I went to this restaurant because she promised me it had a better burger than Delux. I think that accounts for the 3 stars. The food was delicious, the waitress nice, the atmosphere so-so. I don't know if they have regular sized burgers, but it seemed that they do not. The burgers were slider style. I loved that you could get more than one flavor, but none of the flavors beat Delux... or Chelsea's Kitchen.... or the Metro Brasserie. But worth eating nonetheless!
This is a completely fine place to eat/drink. The drinks are pretty good, and the food is ok. As far as chains go, it isn't bad. However, I live within walking distance from one of these and go maybe once a year, which I think speaks volumes.
I live no where near this place & have gone out of my way to eat there MANY times! I haven't been since it moved (bc I had no idea where they went) but it looks like it's bigger so that's great. I even made it a point to take an out of town friend here. I don't know about the new place but the old place was kind of a hole in the wall diner feel (in a good way). It can get really busy at lunch, so I don't recommend it for a lunch break from work. I did that once, and got in and out just fine, but it's a lot more fun without the time crunch. Everything is delicious, but the mini red velvet cupcake is always a must!
Like this place - it's best for happy hour, as the food is a little expensive. But I suppose that's what you expect from sushi, right? ;) The happy hour menu has slightly smaller portions, but I appreciated the fact that my waitress was up front about this. And for the price, it didn't bother me. I love the Ginger Tiger drink. Staff is really friendly. And of course the sushi is delicious! My husband and I went there for Happy Hour the other day. We each ordered 2 drinks, and then we got, I think 3 rolls & it was $15.75! Crazy. You have to do the specials for that price, but how can you beat it? Great place.
This place is amazing! I love the fresh, healthy food - thought it was delicious. And I have to say, I like all kinds of food - not just vegan/vegetarian. So props for that! The "donut holes" (don't be deceived by the name) are delicious and I loved their new "Island Drink" (green and fruit). I've had a TON of food from this place and always enjoyed it.Now, a note too the not to great reviews that i read. Everyone, of course, is intitled to his/her opinion. The prices are a little upwards of what you expect for a cafe, but the woman at the counter said that EVERYTHING is organic/local when they can. Which accounts for the cost, I believe. I like to support local goods/family owned.This is not fast food. Go here planning to spend a leisurely lunch/brunch. I also like to go during the off times, around 10am is usually good or for a snack at 3pm. So it's true that you have to work around a couple of things, but I love this place anyway. Who doesn't want to eat food with heart?
One of these just opened by my house, and my husband and I were really excited to try it because everyone says such great things. I was so disappointed! I agree that the fries were limp, and I'm a crispy fry lover. The burger tasted good, but I felt pretty ill shortly after eating it. Not food poisoning ill - more like over-greased ill. I don't really eat fast food so maybe that's it, but I will not be returning.
Um... fantastic. Seriously, amazing burger. I also tried my sister's food - very good, but the burger! I also love the atmosphere. It's nice, but still laid back and friendly. This is one of my favorite restaurants.
My new favorite Happy Hour spot! I've only been here for hh and brunch - both of which were excellent. I have been here for happy hour at least 5 times now (and brunch just once on Kentucky Derby day). The service is always great (ok, a somewhat slow waitress or two, but the drinks generally come fast so you have something to widdle the time away). The food is delicious and the price is right! I recommend the gaucamole, the sliders (esp the chicken) and the wings, I asked for mine extra hot & they delivered! Oh and they have a very good beer selection - lots of local brews.
I have a soft spot for Brasseries. And burgers. So this place was an immediate win for me. I have to say, I think Chelsea's burger was a little better, but I bet a lot of people would disagree with me. Chelsea's is just a great burger - the way you expect a burger to be. The Metro has an amazing fancy burger. ;) Which as also absolutely delicious. It just depends on what you're in the mood for. I LOVE the atmosphere as well. The wait staff was very nice. The other customers were nice, and we wandered around Scottsdale aferwards. All in all, a great place. A friend mentioned that they have a fantastic brunch, so I'll be back for that.
I love this salon & will never change. It is clean, cute and calming. Bree is the most amazing stylist! She always listens to what I want, but she is also aware of trends and giving a good, stylish cut. She does excellent color too. I have never left her chair unhappy and my hair has never looked so good! Thanks Bree!
Delicious crepes! I love that they're obviously just a little independent group - I get a crepe almost every Sunday at the Farmer's Market. It can be a bit of a wait but worth it!
I've been to Keegan's a few times, and I would like to give this 2 1/2 stars bc  it is exactly a middle of the road kind of place. The food was fine, atmosphere normal, drinks were drinks. Nothing stood out to me, but there was also nothiing wrong. I wouldn't suggest it if friends were getting together, but if someone else wanted to go, I wouldn't mind. (but I wouldn't get the nachos)
I have to admit, the reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 3 is a) I want it to stay in business (which can be hard on Mill these days!) and b) It's one of the few places on Mill where you can bring your child without feeling like you may get heckled. ;) lol Now, I definately enjoy a night out without the babes too, but this is a place I go for happy hour with my husband and daughter. The beer/wine is good, the food is good (I like the southwestern egg roll apps), the price is good, the service is good, and the atmosphere is nice (thought I was going to say good, huh?). We love to sit on the patio and people watch.
This is one of my favorite places! I've been there tons of times, and always have a great experience. The beer is awesome, and the food is really good too! Best chicken fingers around. The hummus plate is a great variation on the regular bar food too. The service is always good, the crowd is friendly, and overall it has a nice laid back vibe. (Prices aren't bad either)PS You MUST try the brunch!
Such a great place - small, cute, delicious coffee. I will add a star if they have pastries next time ;) I hear sometimes they do.
ABSOLUTELY delicious! We had a very friendly waiter too. Much nicer than it looks from the outside, and the portions were generous.
Love Bagel Nosh! The staff is so friendly and of course the food is delicious! I have to admit that the pumpkin latte was no Starbucks pumpkin latte, but the pumpkin cream cheese was amazing! ( I do realize it's no longer pumpkin season, I was just wishing I had some anyway) It can get busy on the weekend mornings, esp since the bike shop opened up next door, but I find it well worth the wait! (Oh, and fyi it closes at 2:30 - so get your coffee early!)
I would actaully like to give another half star here, but haven't figured out how to do that. It's completely worth supporting this place - if you've read my other revues, you know I am a fan of supporting local food, and this place does a good job of providing that. I gave it 3 1/2 stars because it's hit or miss. I've been when the food is great and the drinks are great and the staff is really friendly. Then I've had days when no one helps me for a really long time (but walk by and look at me) ;), and the coffee was not so great tasting or the food was a little off. But I continue to go often. Usually their coffee is yummy, their pastries are always delicious, a man who I believe was the owner was very nice, and the tunisian salad (chicken added) was mouth watering (and that's a salad!)
My favorite place to treat a girlfriend to a mani/pedi day! It's so cute - the staff is friendly, excellent color selection, and you feel very decadent because it is such a cool atmosphere, but the prices are reasonable. Try this instead of Dolce next time (which is also nice, but more expensive and this is a smaller business - it's nice to support one)!
If you're looking for the best Pad Thai around, look no further. Seriously, though. The food is REALLY good, and service is very fast too! Officially my favorite Thai restaurant.
Another one of my favorite places to dine. Everything is delicious, from the Kami Nigiri to the Teriyaki Chicken Bento Box. I highly recommend eating here. Even when it's busy, service is still satisfactory.
I went here with the intention of getting some hummus, but found that it was only served as a side dish, so I ordered a grilled chicken pita instead. The pita was decent, not the best I've ever had, but the fries were decent, well, at least once you dipped them in ketchup. The hummus I had on the side tasted... Well, it tasted like hand soap. It wasn't very enjoyable, but who knows? The place just opened, maybe they need time to get started...
PROS- Great Prices $22 total inc taxes. Nice new Cars. Trendy office with clubby music. All the staff looked like they were in college and all had cool hair cuts, watches and jewelry. CONS- Other customers complained it took over an hour to get their keys. I had to wait 20 min. 5 Min of my wait was for the desk rep to finish with the next customer so I could be personally escorted to my car. On the return Multiple people were having issues. I was charged for an extra day because after waiting 15 min for other customers to check in, I was 6 min over my return time. The charges for the 2nd day were reversed but that was an extra 15 min. I think this could be a good rental company but they need to get better management or a consultant to redo their check in and check out process. They might need a new computer program too. They have a lot of bugs to work out.
I just want to say that I had such a wonderful experience yesterday with the manager Lance & my salesperson Phil at this store. I was most unhappy with my mattress I purchased quite awhile back & had  a hard time with the company to which it belonged.  I told Lance my problem & without any hesitation he said we will take it back & give you a new one. That's why with such good customer service I will continue to shop with them & tell others to also.
I had high hopes because of the owner's history.  (I love La Bocca)  We went here last Saturday evening.  It was the only place we passed on Mill Ave. that was not jam-packed.  That should have been a big clue not to go in, but we really wanted to check this place out.       The beer seems over-priced; 12 oz. beer for the price of 16 oz. at comparable places, and the selection was not impressive.  As for the food, quite bluntly, it sucked!  We had a burger, brat and split the large fries.  (We wanted a pretzel, but they were out!  They supposedly make them "fresh" daily, but were out since Friday night.  Hmm, couldn't make any today???)    The burger and brat had no taste what so ever.  Very disappointing.  The fries were good, but the "large" is served in a paper  pouch the same size as a Small fries at McDonald's.  Seriously, this is a Large??????     We were going to check this place out sooner or later.  I'm glad it was sooner.  I won't be back, and I'm shocked at the positive reviews of this place.   What else do these people like, Applebee's???
Nice taste of Europe in Montreal. Very pleasant staff, sleek euro ambiance, very authentic coffee. Best biscotti, next to Italy!
Super busy so service was slightly compromised. Good flavor with everything. Definitely a well oiled machine of a business. Kinda fun to watch the fray. Reasonably priced as well.
Door said open at twelve but its open at eleven. Walked in at 11:40, asked if it was open and the guy said "the door is open isn't it?" Once that was settled and we had the food we were happy. Got two steak hoagies, wings and fries. All three things were great.
It looks like a hole in the wall. The only reason we stopped by was cause we really wanted some Mexican food and this was the closest thing. But the food was SO good! My wife had flautas and wouldn't stop talking about how amazing they were. I had a carne asada burrito. The food was great. The a/c must have been broken or something cause it was hot in there. But the food, totally worth it!
I wish I could try everything on the menu. Got pollo fundido. Delicious. The carne asada was meh. Cheese crisps were amazing. Carne asada fries were good too. We'll be back to try more. It's nothing fancy to look at but the food is what you're there for. Worth a visit!!
This is our 2nd time coming in and both times we have left pleased with how the staff treated us and our puppies. Today we had Dr. Fossaugh and she was so upbeat and friendly. She was helpful and caring. We also appreciated how honest she was with the prices and her personal opinions. We were very pleased with her and the whole clinic.
Needed a place to get some sleep before a seminar that I was leading and I picked this hotel for two reasons, lower price (not in that really sketchy under $60 category - but in the just under $100 safe category) and their free 24 hr airport shuttle. After a three hour flight delay, I wanted nothing more than to get to the hotel, find some dinner and relax. Well, after a two hour wait for the shuttle, that wasn't labeled for the Ramada and a driver that didn't announce he was picking up for the Ramada, I made it to the hotel after midnight. This is thanks to another traveler also waiting for the shuttle, who was able to flag down a Best Western shuttle, that was apparently on loan to the Ramada that night. I had called the Ramada twice myself to question the whereabouts of the shuttle, told once it was on the way (but not that it was a Best Western van); my 2nd call went unanswered. The rooms were spacious and it appeared the bathroom was recently re-done, but the air conditioning was barely functional, (75-80 degrees) and the beds were not very comfortable. Sometime around 4 am a strange chemical smell permeated the room, might have been from the pool in the very odd indoor courtyard/corridors. Didn't get to use the pool, but it looked pretty interesting.  Discovered in the morning, as I enjoyed an English muffin from the downstairs lobby breakfast,  that the wi-fi connection wasn't available in the guest rooms. It appears a very weak signal is available in the lobby. Before I left, i admired the lovely ironing board in my room, but realized there was no iron to go with it.There is a Subway next to the hotel, but no other restaurants that I could see, or would have wanted to walk to in the sketchy neighborhood. If you only need a place to sleep the night before you go to the airport, and you have a sense of adventure, stay here and call a cab. Or spend an extra $25 for a better hotel with a more reliable shuttle.  In all, I spent less than 7 1/2 hours here and that might have been 7 hours too many.
This is the worst insurance agent I have ever met.  She has not been able to resolve any of the issue we have with our recent accident claim.  When you ask her a question she will try to pawn you off to someone else because she doesn't know what answer to give.   This agency was formerly ran by a great agent that was very helpful and competent.
1 star, no one in line when we got here .  15 minutes later i asked how much longer?   I was told it had not been started.  2 sandwiches is all we ordered.  unfortunately we will return.   The place is now busy but nobody is eating everybody's waiting.
I've been to Moonie quite a few times now .  I was very nervous when I first met her only because I've had two other people do my lashes and they didn't last and I didn't care for them. Moonie cares about her customers and does a beautiful job.   My lashes are soft and I get compliments everywhere I go .  I would definitely recommend Moonie for lash extensions
I only gave it 1 star because i did get my drink order right away.  They weren't super busy, but after my drink came and my menu, i never saw them again.   I got up and asked if i could order and they all nodded yes , but still nothing.  I walked out after waiting for service.
My sister was visiting from California and we were looking for a good Indian restaurant.  We found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  We walked in 15 minutes before the restaurant actually opened.  We warmly welcomed and seated promptly.  A young gentleman quickly came over and welcomed us again.  He took our drink order and offered nan bread with our choice of flavor.  A few minutes later we were told the buffet was ready and we were invited to serve ourselves.  Everything in the buffet looked freshly prepared.  We sat down with our plate and upon our first bite we were hooked.The food is delicious and the customer service is beyond great.  The two brothers who run this restaurant are constantly aware of customers needs and always willing to answer any questions about the food.  We will definitely return soon.
My husband had just had meniscus surgery and needed therapy right away per his surgeon .  I called 360 this morning spoke to Blue,  he scheduled an appointment for today at 2 o'clock in Chandler he even let me know which therapist my husband would be seeing  today.  We got to the appointment an hour early.  We were greeted then told the appointment wasn't until the following week .  I let them know that I had confirmed it with Blue and he verified that it was for today a same day appointment.   One of the front office ladies did not believe me and wanted to contact you to verify that he actually made the appointment for me.  Blue  was nowhere to be found.  They gave us an option of having only a partial appointment or come back 2 hours later.  We were inconvenienced because of their mistake but that didn't matter .  Customer service is not good here and I would not return or recommend it to anybody.
We ordered a small shrimp cocktail and it wasn't what we expected. It lacked flavor, spice.  We had to ask for avocado as It wasn't included. We also ordered the ceviche tostada and it also lacked flavor.  The pico de gallo on the ceviche had a refrigerated taste.  We will not be returning.
I called on the spur of the moment regarding eyelash extensions and was able to come right over.  I saw Gina and she explained the procedure to me.  I was nervous at first but, Gina is so knowledgable and confident that I relaxed in no time.  1 hour later I have beautiful lashes.   I highly recommend this shop and will return soon for more!
I previously tried Glamour Shots and was very disappointed .  Then I decided to give Best Phoenix Boudoir a try.  What a amazing difference, the session was fun, classy and very professional.  Diane makes you feel very comfortable and truley enjoys what she does.   My session was so much fun and my pictures turned out beautiful even before retouching.   I am so happy with the results.  Diane definitely lives up to her business name "Best Phoenix Boudoir"!
I arrived to my appointment expecting a busy, salon type of experience.  Instead , I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived to find that it is a very private, relaxed atmosphere.  Michelle took great care and was very patient as I explained my past, bad experiences with fillers and Botox.  She listened to my requests.  Michelle educates her patients so they understand clearly what to expect. I am very happy with my results.  She is truly an artist and loves what she does.  I would highly recommend her to all.  Thank you again Michelle, you are awesome!Grace
Robert Facio was my technician today.  He called to tell me he was on his way and showed up shortly after.  Very professional and courteous, he explained the process , cost and understood exactly what I wanted.  It's obvious that he enjoys what he does and has pride in his work .  I definitely would recommend him and will be calling him for more electrical work at my home.
Best fried chicken anywhere in Arizona and the service is great I will definitely be back here once a week
Friendly and warm staff.  Warm atmosphere. I was able to book online with ease. I received a confirmation email and text asap. I was 5 minutes late and was easily accommodated. There was a 20% discount so it was a fair price. Despite these great features, I do not see myself coming in for a Brazilian wax again. It was my first time, and so naturally I wasn't sure how I should prepare. My hairs weren't pulling because apparently they were too short, but was still able to pull in sections. I suggested bikini and still feel that post service it looks patchy.  It took 10 minutes and after the procedure I also noticed more bleeding than expected from my hair follicles. I'm not bothered as I understand that hair is being ripped from an EXTRA sensitive area. I personally will not be returning for this service.
It sucks didn't like the service. I felt disrespected by the employees attempting to joke about my appearance and the nails were too thick ripped my skin and nail bed badly. ALSO gel polish peeled off in a matter of 20 hours.
This review is not based on the food but the short time we were inside the restaurant. My kids and I stopped here to look at a menu and we wanted to see if it lived up to the "views" name. We walked over to the window to take a look and were standing there for all of 30 seconds when the hostess came over and told us looking is not free. She was very rude and explained to us that if all patrons just wanted to look then everyone would crowd by the window. I can understand the logic behind what she was saying but she went about it the wrong way and continued to make rude comments to us until we left. I would not visit again based on the poor short experience I had and reading that other had a less than excellent experience with their customer service as well.For a restaurant that has a kids menu and it in a complex geared toward family fun, I am surprised by the lack of customer service and plain decency. If your family is looking for a more kid friendly and cheaper option visit OPA where kids eat free and get a cute kids cup with their meal or humble pie. Skip the rude and expensive peanut butter jelly at Views.
Everything is amazing! Ate the Brie cranberry ham sandwich for lunch today and plan on going back for breakfast tomorrow morning. You can tell the owners put so much thought and care into every dish. The west valley is lacking in unique delicious places like this.The location is not ideal but it is very close to ASU West. If you are looking for a little pick me up, the coffee is creative and fresh.
Everything here is fresh and tasty! I am here weekly. Try it once and you will be hooked.
This review is for the games only. We did not eat here. The games are dated and filthy. It was overcrowded and just about every other game was out of order or just ate our tokens. It was incredibly loud and my little girl was overwhelmed by everything going on. Each machine or ride takes one token which can get pretty expensive because it breaks down to 33 cents a token. Peter Piper Pizza or the Carousel Arcade in Scottsdale are much cleaner. We will not be returning.
My husband and I came here for happy hour on a Saturday and even though it was busy we were able to grab a high top in the bar almost immediately. This was such a pleasant surprise because we have tried to go to happy hour in the past and there was an hour wait for the bar. My husband and I ordered the AG salad, sweet potato fries, and the green beans. They were all so delicious we finished them in no time. We ordered 3 drinks and called it a night. Our bill was $86.00 not including tip. So yeah... it was expensive but places this nice are not commonly found around that part  of Glendale and it was worth the trip. I rated Arrowhead Grill 4 stars instead of 5 because it is pricey.Our server was great and very accommodating helping us order exactly what we wanted. We can't wait to go back for a special occasion or date night.
Sprinkles is amazing! I guess when you focus on one product you end up doing it well! Each cupcake is rich and full of decadent flavor. The frosting has just the right amount of sweet! The cakes are soft and I have never had a dry one. Worth the drive. Take one to go because once you will leave you will want more!
**UPDATE: it has been about a month since we have been to the aquarium and I am pleased to report they no longer have jellyfish they couldn't keep alive in the first cylindrical tank. It is now sharks. Although it seems small for the sharks, it was a much needed improvement. I have added those photos below. We have an annual pass and visit about once a week. They are continually adding fun things like the giant light bright and the color and scan area. They do however have a very small, very sad, enclosure for the sloth and birds. They receive NO natural light and I have seen the sloth hanging from the net looking miserable. Also, every time we go there seems to be jelly fish floating at the bottom of the tank. They are always replacing the dead ones and the tank always looks different every time we go. They should focus on more kids activities and less on the animals if they don't know how to properly care for them.The complex itself has a TON of fun things for kids to do and plenty of space to run around. Check out the Four Peaks store with the mine experience and the arcade. We continue to go because it's overall a fun experience. The low review is based on the treatment of some of the animals. We hope they continue to add more kid activities in the aquarium.
If you want a creative, delicious, thoughtful, good for the earth meal VISIT NAMI!!! We are frequent visitors (about once a week, usually Sunday brunch) and every visit has been memorable. We have ordered the biscuits and gravy, the big ol burrito, the donuts, the cupcakes, the Benedict as a burrito, and the Rodney Dangerfield. Even with a line out the door service is fast, and friendly! The restaurant itself is small and intimate. They have indoor and outdoor seating and during brunch seat next door at Green. The pastry case is always full of delicious, colorful, and (of course) always vegan treats. You won't be able to help yourself but to order one (or 5). The donuts are dense and sweet and always come in creative flavors that put any other donut (vegan or not) to shame. You DO NOT HAVE TO BE VEGAN to eat here. I promise that the food you enjoy at Nami is tastier and better for you and your environment than you can get at any other restaurant.
My mom and sister set up a baby shower for me here and it was beautiful. The restaurant is bright, colorful, and the big open garage doors that look out on the golf course let in the most wonderful breeze. It looked like a lot of people were celebrating different things there (graduations, birthdays). The food was good but I wish I ordered something different. My mom ordered a pizza and that was very good. The salads were large and looked very tasty! I ordered the Clava sandwich. It was good but the chicken was a little dry. Next time I will go with a salad or pizza. I am sure this place is absolutely beautiful at night. I saw misters so even on a summer night that would be a great place.
My absolute favorite! Try have the best cookies in Arizona. My family is from NY and they also say it tastes authentic! The florentine cookies are AMAZING!
I read all the great reviews on this place and decided to try it. I got the meatball and my husband got the turkey. The sandwiches are pretty good and simple. They definitely take their time to make sure each is carefully crafted. It was very busy during lunch and only two people working there so make sure you either go early or make time to wait. Overall the sandwiches are good and tasty but nothing out of the ordinary. Service is friendly but not the fastest. I would not suggest dining in when there are so many people ordering because it gets a little congested in such a small space. Definitely worth a try if you want a sandwich and a great option for delivery!
This is an update. We visited Buzzberry about a week ago and the interior has changed again. Some changes for the better and other for the worse. The drywall was nice but it seems to have lost a lot of its quirky charm I loved so much. I know you can't please everyone but I miss the old buzzberry. The menu has gotten so big and a bit overwhelming. I only ordered a tea and fruit cup which were fine but I do miss the intimate cute setting it used to have.
Friday night date! My husband and I went to Rock Bottom in Glendale around 5:30pm. We found a high top in the bar right away and the server was quick to come over and take our drink order. My husband ordered a flight of 6 beers and I ordered the wheat ale.  After bringing us our drinks the waitress told us it was happy hour (which would have been nice to know before we ordered our drinks). We asked for a happy hour menu and ordered a guacamole (which she told us was on happy hour). After a while our guacamole came out but no happy hour menu. We understand our waitress was busy because it was pretty packed so we forgot about the menu and just ordered from the regular menu. My husband ordered the veggie burger and I ordered the BBQ chicken salad with no chicken and no cheese. My husbands burger was delicious! I was super jealous especially because my salad came out drenched with a some kind of cream dressing on it that was not advertised in the menu. I didn't want to send it back and wait for another salad so I ate a bit of it (which was good) but I gave the rest to my husband. Overall our experience was ok. The service was a bit forgetful but we all have off days and it was very busy. I was disappointed to get a salad dressed in something that wasn't advertised but I have no complaints about my husbands burger. On happy hour our total came to $38.00 not including tip. Not bad. We will probably come by again but next time ask more questions and be more specific.
I'm sitting in line right now. It's been 15 min. I ordered two iced teas and a smoothie. I watched the guy jam the straws into the tea holding onto the top (where I will drink out of). This is after he wiped up a spill, wiped the edge of the cup of the person in front of me and then wipe it on his pants. I am embarrassed for them. The service was so poor. I will not be returning. Total time to get my drinks was 23 min. There was one other person in front of me.
I used to come here and get my hair colored and cut by Lisa. She was great. I decided however to try someone new to get highlights. My hair is dark brown but I have gotten highlights successfully at Carolynes before and have been very happy with be results. I went in yesterday for some highlights and a trim. The lady messed up my hair so badly that she asked me to come back today so she could fix it. I spent a total of 8 hours at that salon and she still could not fix my hair. The horrible receptionist at the front told me it was not the hair dressers fault because since I am pregnant my hormones change my hair and it is essentially my fault and there is nothing more they could do. As I was walking out of the salon another hair dresser says "it's not that bad". Wow. That's what I want to hear! I am so disappointed. Especially after she stillCharged me $60.00 for the trim! Now I am a pretty understanding person and I appreciate her trying to make it right the next day. She's only human and we don't always get it right... I get it. But I walked out of that salon after 8 hours with damaged hair that looks worse than when I initially went in. Now I need to go somewhere else and have them fix my 60.00 mistake. I will not be back there again. I am incredibly disappointed. Do your research and know what your stylist can and cannot do before you go.
My husband and I came here for breakfast in a Wednesday morning and we were about 1 of 3 parties there. We were seated right away and the service was fast and friendly. We had the white chocolate frozen chai tea lattes to start and they were amazing. Then on to some biscuits and gravy and chicken and waffles. Everything was good but the chicken was a little dry. It did not stop me from finishing my entire plate though. Everything was delicious but it was pricey. We left paying $53.00. Pretty expensive stuff.
My husband and I took our 2 year old here after looking for somewhere for her to get some energy out that wasn't on the east side. The place was pretty busy which for a younger kid like our daughter can be intimidating. Parents were hanging out by the tables and couches. Our daughter really wanted to play with the little tikes cars but bigger kids were using them and were being pretty rough. Parents do not seem to watch their kids which is frustrating. The place was overall clean but I do not think we would go back until our daughter was a couple years older.
When it first opened I was excited because of the lack of great breakfast places on the west side. Unfortunately Biscuits let me down. We have small kids and we're looking for fast service. Instead the service was slow and when the food was finally brought to our table we were disappointed at how mediocre is all was.I don't think I will be returning.
AMAZING food. It's fresh, super flavorful, creative, and filling. The flavors are well balanced and addicting. I do not usually like Indian food but this is something much better. I cannot say enough about the chef specialty items and the Indian Chinese fusion. The French fries that come with the wrap are like a funnel cake french fry. Try try try!!! The restaurant is clean and modern. We will be back very soon!
We love Dr. Blackwell and the staff. Always accommodating and honest. We have been to many vet clinics and they always seem to overcharge and make you feel like a terrible person for not buying the most expensive treatment for your animal. You can tell Dr. Blackwell actually cares about each animal. We take our dogs here for routine shots, steroids to control allergies, and my dogs ACL surgery. We always leave happy.
This is the best arcade as far as bang for your buck! It's always clean, fun, and the staff is wonderful and patient. They have a full sized carousel and instead of tickets and coins everything is on a card which is very continent. The prizes are not like Peter Piper Pizza or Chuck E Cheese. They are bigger and a better quality.  My kids are young but we always have a great time.
Great place super friendly and helpful staff. Their desserts are amazing and have great sales on them too.
Excellent rien  redire !Notamment l'huile d'olive, les ingrdients sont frais et trs bons. J'ai test en dessert la tarte citronne, un rgal qui est certainement fait maison de   Z !Je recommande !
Excellent restaurant !L'ambiance est trs sympa, la nourriture d'une qualit exemplaire, les serveurs extrmement gentils, le seul bmol sont les prix, un peu cher mais c'est le prix pour une telle qualit !Je recommande !
Un excellent restaurant. Le cadre est trs beau, simple, tamis. Les serveurs sont aimables et rapides. Quant  la nourriture elle est dlicieuse, j'ai rarement eu l'occasion de manger de si bons nans, faits en direct derrire la vitre par les cuisiniers !Une trs bonne soire !Petit conseil : rservez peut tre, j'y suis all et c'tait plein, on a russi  avoir une table par chance mais a semblait impossible en arrivant !
The staff are incredibly welcoming and delightful. The food is high quality and as fresh as it gets. The food is ready pretty much as soon as you order it so it's a great place to get something quick and tasty but if you have time to dine in its a nice place to eat with friends or chat with the staff while enjoying the food.
Amazing coffee and tasty kambucha. The barista I met really knows his stuff and the environment and staff are welcoming. The prices are very low considering the quality of what you get here.
Great environment morning or evening, and perfect food to compliment a relaxed brunch or comfortable night out with people whose company you enjoy. I've had great experiences with the servers who are attentive but by no means on your face.
We frequent CPH and enjoy the food, drink and atmosphere each and every time.  Eric is always welcoming and professional.  Highly recommend.
Food okay, service is excellent.  The two major turnoffs are the flock of pigeons that swarm once a table has left, very unappealing and the $44 pitcher of margaritas.  Yes, you read that right 44 dollars for a Cadillac margarita pitcher.  When we asked the bartender what he used, he replied "at least four or five shots". Ah well, live and learn, I just wanted to warn others.
This is our favorite place in Old Town for a great burger.  The happy hour is fantastic as well.  I really enjoy the staff as they are very hard working yet laid back that makes for a perfect mix.
Handy was easy to work with and I'm glad that Nancy was assigned our first cleaning.  She paid great attention to detail, was efficient and very personable.  I thank her for her hard work.
Great dining experience.  The staff was wonderful, attentive and knowledgeable about the menu and drinks.  So happy we started our vacation there.  Thanks again to the crew at Craft 64.Don and Joan
Stopped for a Late Sunday lunch on the way to the airport. I had the AZ burger with just the right level of heat (fresh jalapeos) and my husband had the brisket sandwich which was bomb. Great drink menu and nice local beers. A great spot, if only we lived here to go more often!
This is a brand new location and concept!! It is the only express Johnny Rockets of the nation!!! It has been open for only a month and half. I thank you all for your comments and we will continue to grow as we continue!!
One of my favourite places to get tacos in downtown Toronto. Al pastor and carnitas are my preferences. Authentic to Mexican style, great variety of sauces. Place is a little small, best to avoid busy hours.
This was our first visit to this place and it was fun! We were celebrating grandmas birthday. Everything went very well from our server to our whole overall experience. We were excited and getting ready to tip a touch over 20% for it all.  Then we noticed the server added in her own tip. There were only 5 of us. 3 adults and 2 children. The menu clearly states parties of 6 or more will be added.  She cheated herself out of a good tip from us. Grandma and I used to be servers and couldn't believe the gall!!  Hence my 1 star rating. My advice: check your bill.Since this incident, I was contacted by the general manager very quickly to rectify the situation and offered a partial refund. He was very willing to make ammends. Thank you Angry Crab!
general Staff is nice... HOWEVER, management is VERY RUDE... I had a membership, I don't anymore !
I don't know why Neil B. had a problem with the yelp sign... If he had actually gone into the Gym instead of judging it from its cover outside, he would have found out that even his review would have gotten this "gift" (very nice boxing wraps) it said a review good or bad... after speaking with the gym, they did this so they can better the gym based on what the people want... and let me tell you IT WORKS... they listen to the guests and make the workouts fun and beneficial!! Im taking the MMA and boxing classes... I haven't done the Kickboxing yet however I do plan to... I also lift at the gym on my own time
This place is overly priced and the food was horrible. Everything was bland and small proportioned. The spaghetti and meatballs tasted worse than the frozen ones at the market. The margarita pizza was bland and had no sauce on it. The "crispy" French fries were thick cut and soggy, not crispy at all. The chip and artichoke dip was decent but so very small for the price. Don't go here, go across the street and go to the Cabo restaurant; it's so much cheaper, tastes better, and bigger portioned.
They suck at helping their customers. They forgot about us and I had to wait 1 hour just to order my food even after hollering at multiple waiters. Their 45 minute wait was a waste of time and this is my second chance for this restaurant. HIRE BETTER STAFF.
I was very happy with my experience here. Many folks turn their nose up at the old school downtown Vegas experience compared to the strip, but I found it to be more authentic and down to earth than the over-the-top glitz of Las Vegas Blvd. It's a bit older looking but the service and hotel rooms were quite satisfactory. You can also take a photo next to a glass case containing $1,000,000 in cash!
This shopping center is massive. There are three floors of stores and restaurants, and it would take days to shop the whole center. It's location does make it a great place to stop for some food on the way to the next tourist destination, if you are visiting the city as a tourist. The food court is always crowded though. I highly recommend finding a table first and having a friend save your seat as you get your food, otherwise you will have food to eat and no place to eat it.
It's a Hard Rock Cafe. Like any other Hard Rock Cafe, the line will be long, the crowd will be tourists, the food will be American and the prices will be reasonably pricey. It's also very loud. But it is a Hard Rock Cafe, so the atmosphere is fun, and (because it is in Toronto) it isn't smokey. The merchandise is pretty much the same as other Hard Rocks, but it is still worth checking out, especially since you will probably have a 30 minute wait for a table to become available.
The Loose Moose is located just a few blocks from the city's most well known landmark, The CN Tower. The bar offers a full menu, so it is popular with locals who work in the area for lunch breaks and after work drinks. Tourists also find comfort in the everybody's welcome here atmosphere. Considered the ultimate sports bar in Toronto, the Loose Moose also offers live musical entertainment. The bar staff are friendly and knowledgable. The burgers are great, and french fries can be substituted for a side caesar salad! Perhaps the coolest aspect of the bar are all the beer bottles on the ceiling! The atmosphere is fun and laidback, a great place to grab dinner or stay for a night of drinking as drinks are reasonably priced for a bar in a big city. Guys and gals alike will enjoy this establishment.
This place is superb from the customer service to the food. If you are in the area, I highly recommend trying this place out! You will not be disappointed.
Gone for dinner on Saturday night. Place was busy, we opted to sit outside in the sun light. We were given a table and 5 min later we were asked to move as the table was meant for bigger groups. Didn't have issue with the request and we obliged.Server was attentive and knowledgeable about the food. When I asked for my dish to make it spicy, she forgot to mention that the bell peppers had additional charge(minor $0.75). I presume its basic to get customer approval before putting any additional charges.Food portion size was decent, the food taste regular mexican joint. Didn't standout. I was hoping to taste something different / nice after reading their 50 year history on the menu.Overall - Nice ambiance, decent service and little pricy
We found this place during our stay at the Inn at Brandywine Falls. Didn't expect to be surprised with the quality of food. Its a little pricey for the area but worth the money if you like Indo-Chinese cuisine. This place is in-line with Nanking restaurant in Jersey City, NJ minus the red interior.We ordered appetizer, soup and two dishes. We left pretty happy. Will visit this place if we are in the vicinity again.
My 3 year old had his first dental checkup at this location. I was worried about how my son would react. He had a pleasant/ joyous experience. The staff at front desk, the hygienist and the doctor were professional and friendly with my son. The took their time to make my son comfortable before checking his teeth and doing the clean up. His smile lit up when the staff brought him a lightning McQueen tooth brush and few goodies. I left the place with joy and confirming his next appointment.
Service, Quality of food and cleanliness of the restaurant, my reasons for giving 5 stars. Feedback based on weekend lunch buffet($10.99) & food take out. Most Indian food joints don't give importance to the service, this place had multiple folks taking time to ensure best service was provided. There were 4 people assisting patrons, during my course of lunch I was greeted by each one of them atleast once. Food, where do I begin. South Indian Snacks: Masala Dosa, Vada, Idli, sambar, chutney - 3 kinds & Papdi chat. All hot and tasty. Appetizer: Tandoori chicken. Chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, 2 vegetables. Chicken biryani was the best, they had a variation of it which I haven't eaten before. Very well done & presented colorfully. Dessert: orange mouse, payasam (dal & saboodana)Ended the course with a cup of hot tea. Looking forward to my next visit.
Great ambiance. Clean kitchen and simple menu. Sumptous taste.
Very good alternative to Chipotle/Qdoba. Quality of food is good, delicious taste, decent portion size and competitive prices.I had a quesadilla, a nice touch to prepare it like a burrito and then grill it. Will certainly visit again.
I had dinner at this place last friday. The ratings for this place made me hesitate but I took the chance. The place has great ambiance, right portion size, good tasting fresh food & ample parking. We tried the lobster item & #F. The flan dessert was excellent.The approach to this place is the tricky part, watch out for sign once you enter the complex from mayfield rd.
A very good location to purchase fresh produce in the community. Prices are on par with grocery stores, but the freshness & assortments of vegetables/ fruits/ snacks is wonderful. Haven't tried the bakery yet. Will go by to try that. The aisles are narrow, watch out.
Didn't expect such quality / delicious/ good Thai food. Been regular to nice Thai places in & around NYC. Don't get fooled by the appearance of the place nor the decor inside. The service is good - attentive & responsive. Food took around 15 minutes. I went on a Friday evening. All tables were occupied, the only time tables were empty when they had to be cleaned. The magic is in the food. Tried spring roll, Shrimp & Chicken Basil & Pad Thai. Will visit again to try the rest on the menu.
Dr. Milne is a wonderful doctor. I have never met a better doctor. He truly cares for his patients. He has a holistic approach. He gives his patients you the best of Eastern and Western member. If you are having trouble figuring out what is going on with our health, he is the person to go to. He is worth every penny.
For years my husband and have frequented Caesars Palace, we love to visit The Forum Shops. I like being able to take my seven year old somewhere he will enjoy himself as well. For years we have made it a tradition to visit the famous boardwalk Zoltar machine from the movie BIG, to get our fortune card and our fix on gumballs at Antiquities. Antiquities is a huge place filled with so much to look at and experience. It's a large place, and you can get lost in there for hours, they really do have something for everyone. They have fantastic novelty gifts, and now my son is collecting the "bobble heads", and Antiquities has a huge collection. My son calls this store "the nerd store" because of all history items, and he learns something new every time we visit. We have made large purchases from them in years prior. We have bought several unusual antiques, a pin ball machine and a vintage coke machine. Toby, the owner, and the staff are fun, kind and courteous people as well. We have had nothing but great experiences when dealing with this company.This last visit we purchased a history piece, signed by Abraham Lincoln. There is something incredibly special about owning such a significate piece of history. The piece came with two documents of authenticity: one is a forensic document to determine the authentication of the paper (the ink and the ageis such interesting information).Also the last time I was at Antiquities I had hoped to purchase some fantastic Beatles items they had the last I was there, but they had been sold. I should have purchased them when I had the chance... Given our wonderful experiences and purchases when visiting Antiquities, it is a tradition we will be keeping, and we will certainly be making more purchases in the future. There is hardly a better shopping experience than having fun, learning something new, being around kind people, and being happy with your purchases; that you can enjoy for years to come.I highly recommend going in to Antiquities if you are in Las Vegas and The Caesars Forum Shops!
This is my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. Love the steaks and the atmosphere and the drink called A Paris Romance.
Love this place. The food is yummy! Quick and friendly service. Wish they gave you bigger servings of rice, but other wise, this place is a gem!
Les cocktails sont bon, le service est rapide. J'ai t au moins 3 reprise et chaque fois c'tait une bonne experience. L'ambiance est agrable, le rez-de-chausse fait plus ambiance sportive. Le deuxime tage un peu plus intime. Je le recommande.
Mgm is dirty and old.  My main complaint is on checkout the mgm checkout man forced me to pay a 129 dollar room tax that I already paid through the travel agent When I tried to call mgm it is impossible to talk to anyone. This is a scam and I was taken for two taxes.  I will never stay here again it is much better at treasure island or father down the strip. This area is not as fun probably why trump built in the better areaPs try calling mgm and talking to someone about a bill over the phone
Loved this place, the food tastes good and especially the hospitality was there with a welcome from the waiters. Location is also nice to have food with your loved ones.
Full marks to concept of Indian BBQ with amazing taste and ambience. Best restaurant i have ever been to in USA.
Heard a lot of this place for buffet but disappointed, may be because of comparing with other buffet in US. Found silverware not clean and short of spoons.A place to visit once not often.
The best place to watch hockey ever.Montreal fans are ridiculous. No matter who the Canadiens are playing, you can bet that every single seat will be occupied with screaming drunk fans cheering on their beloved Habs and yelling obscenities at the opposing team. Highly recommend regardless of your hockey interest or familiarity!
For my ex-pat Thanksgiving dinner, I went to L'express. The very kind waitstaff snuck us into bar seats though the restaurant was clearly booked for the night. As a bread whore I was delighted with the fresh baguettes and butter and even more pleased with my entre. I had the steak frites, which were absolutely DELICIOUS. L'express made me mourn not being in France that night, not the US!
I never crave meat, but now that I'm back from Montrela for the summer, I am CRAVING a smoked meat sandwich from Schwartz's. This place is unbelievably. Smoked meat is a Montreal tradition and Schwartz's is the best. Super cheap for a delicious and filling meal. Get the medium cut and drown the sandwich in mustard. Bon appetit!
Santropol = sandwiches. Loads of the sandwiches have cream cheese which I normally don't like but somehow the sandwiches are still delicious. I highly recommend the Killer Tomato. I've been meaning to try the carrot cake -- I've spied huge portions of cake topped with ice cream and fresh fruit on other people's plates. A bit pricey but the sandwiches are huge.
This is my favorite cafe in Montreal. It's inexpensive and the portions are a good size. Omelettes and empanadas are DELICIOUS. The service is laid back and friendly. Also, they do not mock my awful attempts at French.
This is a typical Apple store but I'm biased for two reasons. 1. I hate heights. Sure, it's pretty, Apple, but seriously, does that stairway need to be so high and so transparent? You're making me a danger to other customers because I have to close my eyes to walk up and (this one's you for, grandma) making me more religious because I have to pray that I don't plunge to my untimely death. 2. Not exclusive to this store, but I will be forever tiffed with Apple for not fixing my laptop for free after I spilled "water" on the keyboard. Just as they were about to accept it for repairs, they took it to the back, announced that they had found a "sugary substance," glared at me for attempting to trick them, and informed me that my negligence with my Friday night drink would cost $300. I bought your $20 keyboard cover and saved myself from alcohol-computer incidents but I still don't want to walk up those stairs!
Why, why, why is Au Pain Dore on my way home?! Baguettes, sliced sandwich bread, croissants... and wheat products galore. I'm considering going on a bread and butter diet.
4Freres, Provigo, and Metro = terrible produce. Marche Lobo = excellent (and cheaper) produce. I am the pickiest apple eater (only Fujis) and Marche Lobo always has a fresh pick of them. Also, DELICIOUS fresh hummus in several different flavors, Middle Eastern treats, and a very sweet staff.
Yummy yum yum. Love Boustan. It's cheap, fresh, and absolutely delicious Lebanese food. And if that's not enough, they also deliver until 4am.
Provigo has no pretentions - its just an average grocery store but I find that it has terrible service, long lines, boring selection... and it's pricey.
The best $5 breakfast you can buy - Beauty's on a budget! Usually filled with McGill students scarfing down "Le Place Milton," which is the best meal on the menu, including eggs, (very buttery) toast, and homefries. If you're hungover Sunday morning, this is the place to go.
With a 1/2 pound of chicken in piri sauce that melted in my mouth, a light salad, and crispy, flavorful fries all for $6, I felt like I was walking out of a rotisserie in Lisbon. "Muito bom."
Came here with my family again and my wife's out of town relatives.  There were 10 of us all together and Raku advised they would do a prefix menu for a party this size ($50 per person), so that they can have some food prepared and that the food would flow better to each person, instead of waiting for each individual order to cook.  We did request some things to be included in the prefix menu, kobe beef skirt steak, duck, and the crunchy asparagus.  I gotta say this trip was better than last.  We had over 10 dishes each.  The pork cheeks and skirt steak were awesome, though I recommend dipping it in the sauce it comes with for extra flavor.  All in all, every dish that came out was good.  Still wish they had quail eggs wrapped in bacon.  =)
Came back hear again.  The tortilla sizes seemed smaller or same size as other taco restaurants like these =(, however, they still piled on the meats =).  Had the lengua taco, which was ok, and the adobada tacos, which were great like last time.  Next thing to try, adobada fries...
This is the best ramen noodle shop that I've been to in Las Vegas.  I have eaten at Kaigenro, Ichiza, and elsewhere, but this place is the best in my opinion.I like the tonkotsu ramen with extra pork.  The broth is great and the noodles are cooked well.  The pork slice is thin and still has some fat layers on it, which adds to the flavor.  I don't get grossed out by it because it is YUMMY!  If you have a saltier taste bud, you might try the tonkotsu/shoyu broth combination.  Personnally, I like the regular tonkotsu best, but you won't go wrong with the combination broth.  I have also tried their gyoza, which was ok and nothing special, but hey, I'm here for the ramen and pork. =)The only issue I have about this place is the price or serving size.  The ramen bowl is $6.99.  If you have a decent appetite, you'd have to order extra noodles ($1.50) or extra pork ($2.50), which is ok.  However, if you have a bigger appetite, you might have to order gyoza or other side dishes in addition, which can increase the overall cost of your meal.If you have tried Shinsengumi in LA, this restaurant is the most similar in taste.  I would come here again and again, but not if I am really hungry and don't want to pay for the extras.
Pizza was good.  We had a thin crust (regular) pizza with pepperoni and mushroom.  This place is better than the pizza chains nearby like Pizza Hut.  However, it is not as good as Grimaldi's.  I don't know about the other reviewers, but the asian guy at the front was really nice and gave good service.
The first time I went here, I had the 3 bao combo for $10.  I had two pork belly baos, one with duck and Sprite in a glass bottle.  Although the pork belly baos were good, I have to say I liked the duck bao a little bit better.  The skin was crispy and the meat was great.  Unfortunately, after I left, I realized I was still hungry and went home hungry.  So, I actually ate leftovers at home.  Overall, though the food was good, the portions are a little small for me and was left unsatisfied.  I suggest they have a 4 bao combo for $12.  Also, I was the only one there and had to wait a while to get my food.During the second time, I thought I would try their sesame chicken noodle dish and also had a duck bao.  The noodle dish was good and filled me up a bit more than the first time I went.  It had the right level of spiciness for me as well.  The duck bao was still good.  There were a few more people there when I went this time.  I was second in line and a few more came after me.  Again, I had to wait a while to get the food.  I felt bad for the people that came after me, as their wait was longer (20 min and counting when I left).I wish I could give this place more stars like the other reviewers.  I have no complaints about the taste, but I don't think it is worth the money and time.  With the size of the baos and the meat portions, I think it would be a good price if it was 50 cents less.  The sesame noodle is a better value at $6, instead of $7.  Contrary to another reviewer, I thought The Chairman food truck's pork belly baos were way better.  Though it was a little more expensive, the taste, bao size, and meat portion was worth the price.  Unfortunately, they were only visiting Vegas for a special event and reside in San Francisco.I would still recommend people to try this place out, if you want to try bao sandwiches.  They are good as a snack.  Expect a little wait.
Best pizza in Las Vegas!!  I always get a large pepperoni and sausage pizza here.  I normally order pepperoni and mushroom at other places, but the mushroom makes the pizza a little soggy here.  Regardless, the pepperoni and sausage combination is excellent for me.  The mozarella cheese is unlike any other compared to the pizza places around here.  Plus, the pepperoni is fantastic, the right combination of spices and the tasty sausage complements it very well.  The thin crust is cooked perfectly, as it is not too crispy and not toooo limp and soggy.  As noted, I always get a large and eat the left overs the next morning or lunch.  It does not lose its taste.I share the mediterranean salad with my wife.  The portions are huge, so we order a small.The service is excellent here, but does get busy around 6-730pm during the weekends.  So, you might expect some wait time during those hours.Great place to go if you have kids.  The waiter sometimes give kids pizza dough to play with.Whenever I have visitors from out of town and want to experience something new, but don't want to go to the Strip, this place is one of my first suggestions, when they are in the mood for Italian/American.The pizza is a little pricey if you compare it to pizza chains, but this place is well worth it.  The great taste and service is consistent, which keeps me coming back.If you join their email list, they send you great deals, such as getting a free large pizza (dine-in) during your birthday week...
If you're in the mood and have a craving for crab and don't mind peeling and deshelling the sweet and juicy meat, then this is the place for you!Crab Corner is a small restaurant and when we got there on a Friday night, it was already crowded and had to wait about 15-20 minutes.  There was a large party that was just being seated.  I think they accept reservations, so I would recommend making one before you go.  There was no sign up sheet, but the owners and crew knew the order and offered us seats, while we waited.The customer service was excellent and with that alone, they would get 5 stars.  My wife said they get 10 in her book.  They were very attentive and helped us with the menu, since it was our first time there.  When the crab came, they showed us how to open the crab up and tricks to get the meat.  We already knew how to do it, but wanted to see if they had special tricks of their own.  =)  The place was busy, but it wasn't just the waiter that came by and asked us how we were doing, but practically every worker came by and talked to us.  You can tell they were genuinely good folks.We ordered their boardwalk fries, crab cake appetizers, and 6 large male blue crabs.  The fries and the crab cakes came out first.  The boardwalk fries were tasty and splashing malt vinegar on it made it even better.  Yum.  The crab cakes were a little small, but the menu did say each were 1 oz.  Other places compensate and add other stuff like bread stuffing and other fillings, but the good thing about Crab Corner's crab cakes were that it was practically all meat.  It wasn't earth shattering tasty goodness like this one restaurant in Baltimore, but it was still good.  The sauce that came with the crab cakes was a perfect complement and was a good start for the dinner.Then our large crabs came.  They were out of the jumbo size.  The large size was smaller than expected, but again these are blue crabs, not dungenous crabs.  The meat was very sweet, soft and moist.  The seasoning was good and I liked licking it off my fingers while eating the crab meat.  heheh.  They also had extra seasoning on the side as well.  My wife and I didn't talk for a while, since we were all focusing on the food.  haha.  But again, the waiters and owners came by regularly to check up on us.  If you have little toddlers that get restless, you might want to get a babysitter, since you can be there for a while and your hands get messy.  There were other families there with kids, but I'm glad my sister-in-law babysat our little one that night. I wanted to check out this restaurant based on the Yelp reviews and was definitely happy with this place.  However, if you are in the mood for other shellfish and not just crab, you might want to go to other places like Hot and Juicy Crawfish, though this place offers other shellfish as well.  Note, I didn't try other shellfish like crawfish and shrimp here yet, but this is my gut feeling.  I paid the same amount in Crab Corner as in Hot and Juicy, but felt more "stuffed" at the latter.  However, Crab Corner definitely satisfied my crab craving and would come back here again.  I definitely want to try their other entrees and appetizers and of course, have some of the blue crab again (maybe jumbo next time).
I have been to this place twice in the past two weeks and give this place 4 stars, as you can see with my rating. =)The place was clean and the staff was helpful.  The first time we came, they only had two high chairs for kids.  We had 3 babies that needed high chairs.  Luckily, one of our friends brought their portable infant seat, so no problems.  The reason why I mentioned this is that the 2nd time we went, the week after, they had 5 high chairs.  Talk about addressing the customer's needs.  =)We had the Pork Dumpling with Supreme soup.  This is basically a pork dumpling that has broth/soup inside and comes out when you bite into it.  I normally pick up the dumpling and put it into a soup spoon, so I don't lose the broth when I bite into it.  It lets me slurp up the broth that falls into the spoon after.  My buddy puts the dumpling into a small bowl, so that the broth doesn't escape.  To each their own.  =)  I found the broth tasty and the dumpling delicious.  Note, this is the first time I have tried this dish anywhere, so I have nothing to compare it to.  Regardless, my taste buds liked it.  =) We got the Pork Dumpling with Supreme soup combination, which lets you pick from one of four soups they offer, I think...  I had the hot and sour soup.  The first week, it wasn't sour enough and was kinda bland.  The 2nd time it was fine for me.  I'll have to come back and see if they get consistent.  However, the bowl size is pretty large and just for an extra $1 with the combination, I'm not complaining.Another dish we tried was the twice cooked pork.  If you like pork belly, do not get grossed out with fat, and not health conscious, I suggest you try this dish.  The pork belly and tofu is thinly sliced an tastes so good.  It is served in black bean sauce I think, so it has a slightly salty taste.  Note, it is normally served spicy, but we asked that the dish not be served spicy.  Overall, I would come back here again.
For now, I will still give this place 4 stars although my meal was not that great.  ha.  Service was great and our water was attentive.  The ambience was nice as well.  Our reservation was at 630pm on a Friday night.  This place is west of the strip, so I'm glad I didn't have to run into freeway and Strip traffic, and the casino crowds.  Parking was easy to find and we were seated right away when we went in.  It started to get busy towards 730 or so.We had the meats and cheeses selection for appetizers and decided on a combination of 2 meats and 3 types of cheeses.  The sliced duck was surprisingly good and the prosciutto was great.  The cheeses we selected (sorry forgot the specifics) was tasty as well, aside from the goat cheese.Now, the reason for my first comment above was that this was my night where my food picks were wrong, but everyone else I came with enjoyed their meals.  I got the lobster risotto, which was a special for the day.  Seeing enough Hell's Kitchen, where they offer risotto as a dish, I decided to give it a try. Plus, this was recommended by the waiter.  More often than not, when I rely on the waiter's recommendation, the dish turns out pretty good, but tonight was not the case.   First, I was expecting a lobster tail, maybe even a small one or half a tail.  But, all I got was a small claw and some rice for dinner.  So, I knew I was going to be starving.  Then, the risotti itself was bland and did not have much of a taste.  I bet you predicted I was asking my family to try their dishes during dinner.  haha.As mentioned, the rest of my party enjoyed their selections.  My wife had osso buco and she enjoyed it pretty much.  It was a good size portion and she was pleased.  She savored the marrow last, which was still inside the bone.  My mother-in-law had the scallops and they were cooked just right.  My father-in-law had the bone-in ribeye and he enjoyed it very much.  He raved about how it was so good and soft the whole night.  I had a piece and it was pretty good.  He mentioned it was better than Ruth Chris and Flemings.  Hmm...Ruth Chris maybe, but it may be around Flemings caliber or a little under.  Then again, I just had a piece and he had the whole steak.  Next, my sister-in-law had Bouillabaisse.  She tried my risotto and agreed, no flavor.  She felt sorry for me and gave me a scallop, which was tasty.Dessert time...  I had maple sugar creme brulee.  Creme brulee happens to be pretty high up on my dessert favorites.  It was pretty good, but the maple taste was a slight twist.  The maple taste reminded me of pancakes for breakfast.  Overall, I prefer the traditional creme brulee taste than the maple flavor, but would recommend others to try this dessert.  My wife had the lemon cheesecake and she thought it was one of the better cheesecakes she's had in a while.  Father-in-law was happy with his apple pie a-la mode, but we wasn't raving about it like he did with his rib-eye.  Mother and sister-in-law shared a dark chocolate dessert and they were really happy as well.Given that we had an appetizer, a bottle of wine, dinner, and dessert, I was thinking at least $100 per head, but it turned out to be way less than that, which is definitely a plus.So all-in-all, I got the wrong dish, but everyone else made the right selections.  With that said, I will definitely go back to this place for the service, ambience, and the fact that my family enjoyed their meals.  I just won't select lobster risotto ever.
My frontyard and backyard needed some maintenance and my sister-in-law used Ultimate Lawn Maintenance in the past.  I called Brian to come out and provide a quote.  He was on-time and professional.  I appreciated him answering my various questions.  Since his crew was in the area already, Brian was able to schedule me in during the afternoon.  His crew did a good job and I was satisfied with the service.  I will consider using this company to provide lawn care for my house on a quarterly basis.
This place reminded me of a Vietnamese "McDonald's".  It gives off a fast food restaurant vibe, but the way they set up their ordering lines seemed disorderly at times.  People were confused whether there were 3 separate ordering lanes or just one single line...We had the egg rolls.  It was already pre-made and was sitting in the warming case/cabinet for lack of better words.  It was pretty weird that they didn't have any sauce for the egg rolls and lunchtime had just started...We also had the grilled pork banh mi.  The sign said the sandwiches were 10 inches long and I initially thought it would be a good size sandwich.  Unfortunately, these baguettes were pretty thin or narrow.  The meat portion was ok, but more towards the slim side like the baguette.  haha.  The grilled pork was ok and wasn't bad...  The pickled vegetables were pretty good.  The sandwich was not soft and was not too hard, however, my upper palate was a little raw afterwards.They were giving out samples of some type of waffle that had a green batter color in the inside.  That was surprisingly good.Overall, this place was ok.  It wasn't horrible, however, I wouldn't come back, unless someone pulls my arm and asks me to give it another shot.  I've had better banh mi at other Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas and the fast food vibe didn't appeal to me.
Definitely better than Beni Hana and any other Teppan Yaki place that I've been to.  I always make a reservation and request the owner, Tsutomo, to cook for us.  We eat here every 3 to 4 months, but Tsutomo somehow remembers all of our past conversations.  He definitely has a good memory and makes for an entertaining conversation during dinner with my family and friends.  His special sauces are the best.  I normally get the rib eye, but had my first taste of Kobe beef here, which was REALLY good.  Rib eye is a good choice if you don't want to spend as much, however, if you don't mind spending a little bit more, the Kobe beef was worth it.
I've come to this place several times now and I must say, I've been satisfied everytime.I'd like to think of myself as an old-fashioned burger guy or purist, meaning I like to let the burger, cheese, and ketchup do the talking.  I'm fine with lettuce, tomato, fried onions, and at times, mushrooms and bacon.  I think having too much condiments and toppings ruins or hides the real flavor of the meat and cheese.Having said that, I didn't think I would like this place too much as other burger fusion places I have tried before were just ok, but was open to trying Bachi burger out.  I have tried several of their burgers and I must say, all are good, though I have my favorites.  My favorite is the kiki burger.  I think most of their burgers at this restaurant tend to be on the sweet side.  Initially, I didn't like this burger much because of the sweetness, but when I put the aioli sauce on it, everything just came together.   The salty taste that I like came from the aioli sauce and just brought the flavoring and ingredients all together.  This burger is what I would recommend for everyone to try first.  It is not too far off the classic ingredients of a burger, I think.  Note, I'm not going to describe the burger toppings too much, as there are better reviewers before me that have described the specifics.  You can also look up the menu at bachi burgers' website The second burger on my list is the banh mi burger, which has a Vietnamese flare.  Again, their sauce just brings their fusion idea all together.  Yum Yum.  I would definitely pick this if I'm not up for the kiki burger that day.The other burgers I've tried are the Kalbi burger and Mr. Ho's burger.  These burgers are fine.  All in all, I think it just depends on what kind of fusion burger you are in the mood for during that time.  If you are wanting something with a little Vietnamese taste, go with the Banh mi burger.  If you want a hint of Korean, go with the Kalbi burger.  Others in my party have tried the American Wagyu burger and the Ronin burger.  They liked these as well. The buns on these burgers are soft and really good.  Also, I have tried the steamed sandwiches, such as the duck and pork belly sandwiches.  These are great.Their sausage appetizers are pretty good.  We order this for our little one all the time.  Their fries are awesome too, especially the truffle fries.   This place definitely has a good vibe and the waiters/waitresses are friendly.  It does get busy at times, so you may want to get their by 1130 for lunch or arrive on earlier dinner times (6??).  Whenever I have guests from out of town and are in the mood for burgers, I definitely recommend this place.  I do give them a heads up it takes a little while for the burgers to cook, so their expectations for a little wait are set.  The good thing is that they have TVs that you can watch while you wait, if you're not chatting with your friends.  It's always tuned to the cooking or food channel, so there's a chance you will get hungrier, while you wait.  It makes the food even better when it arrives and you take your first bites.  So far, I think everyone leaves satisfied and happy like I am.
I was looking forward to finding and eating at this place based on the reviews I've red on yelp.  Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed.  I had a pepperoni and sausage pizza slice and another slice that had meatballs, sausage, green peppers, and olives.  The latter was recommended by one of the workers there.  The pepperoni and sausage pizza was ok.  The other slice didn't really have much taste.  I had an oily film-like taste on my tongue that I couldn't wash down with Coke, but went away after 45 minutes.  haha.This place is designed to be like a small pizza joint with a couple TVs to watch sports.  They just had a few side tables with 5 barstools.  If it gets a little busy, you just have to find space and stand. The only cool thing about this place was that it was hidden and had an interesting time finding this place.  Note, it didn't take long after asking the concierge.  =)As a local, it wasn't worth going to the Strip just to go to this place.  Factor in the Strip prices for food, I would not go back to this place, unfortunately. Grimaldi's is still the best in my opinion.
Awesome food! Definitely come here again. The servers are really friendly, and the Irish theme is pretty cool.
Really dirty and yucky, bland food. From where I was sitting I could see back towards the kitchen/food prep area. There was trash all over the floor back there.  I'm not being dramatic when I say this, my food and my child's food tasted like vomit.   Please avoid this place.
Always fresh quality food.Nice and clean atmosphere.In heart of  Mint Hill downtown.Fast and FriendlyCustomer service.
My two stars are for service and ambiance. I ordered the crab cakes and they were mostly filler. For 14.99 they should be mostly crab. Not impressed with menu either. Junky bar food.
My daughter, husband and I had dinner here last night. First of all I love the ambiance. It's cool and cozy all at the same time. I loved our booth overlooking pearl road. It's was pretty watching the snow come down. Later I realized there was a fireplace and wished we were seated near there because It was a bit chilly near the window. I had the bourbon braised short ribs. Don't think I've had better anywhere. My husband had the walleye which was so fresh and delicious. My daughter had the scallops which were perfectly cooked. The waitress was awesome. I can't wait for summer to sit on their patio and enjoy a drink. A much needed addition to the area.
We ordered pizza for the first time from Augies. We really enjoyed it. The best that I've had in North Royalton. I would've given 5 stars but when you charge 2 bucks per extra toppings you should have more than one tiny piece on each slice.
Loved this place. From ambiance to wait staff to the food. It was spectacular. Had our food in about 20 minutes which was great!  Cool place to hang out. I will definitely be back!
I just LOVE this place!  Everything we ordered was just delicious!  For appetizers we had the fried pickles with aioli and the Brussel sprouts. So yummy!  The pumpernickel bread with spinach butter was scrumptious. There were 4 of us and we all ordered something different and everybody loved their food. Swordfish, steak, scallops and short ribs. The poached pear salad was heavenly as was the beet salad. The atmosphere was lovely and our waitress was so attentive. I can't wait to go back. What a gem!
Food was not enjoyable. And then we found a hair. Yuk!  Will never eat here again. It's a shame that north Royalton doesn't have one decent Chinese restaurant.
Houlihans is ok. Not as good as when it was at parmatown. This one has no character. No warmth, no ambiance. Food is good but it'll never be what it once was. Very sad!
My cousin suggested Market for lunch. There were five of us and we each ordered a different meal. I had the hot chicken biscuit sliders with sweet potato fries. The fries were very crispy and the sliders were hot, spicy crunchy and the tony packo pickles were awesome!!  I loved it and without going into detail all the other ppl at the table enjoyed their food immensely. Our waitress was a sweetheart and the atmosphere was cozy and chic. I'll be back!!
So many things wrong with this place it's hard to know where to begin. First of all, I ordered the side salad and they messed it up so bad. Like they don't know how to make their own salad. No red onions like menu said but did find a stray orange section in it. Ordered the stuffed mushrooms and when it came out there were 2, count em, 2 mushrooms. It cost 12 dollars. And don't get me started with the bread. Omg, Italian dressing for dipping?  How about a nice olive oil with pesto?  My lemon chicken was ok. Nothing to rave about. And it took an hour to receive our entrees. Do yourself a favor and go to dagneses on 82. You'll get 5 mushrooms for 8 bucks and they're scrumptious. If you're going to do a hack job then charge the appropriate amount. Oh, and we were asked if we wanted Parmesan cheese, the waiter actually brought over a jar with the cheap kraft cheese. If you're charging those prices I expect fresh grated parmigiano !
I just love this place!! The ambiance, decor etc. the food is always spot on. I've been here probably over 30 times and it's always consistent. Never had a problem with any aspect of the restaurant. My faves are the beet salad and the stuffed cabbage. I hope this place is around a long time.
Where to begin?  So many problems with this place. From mouse droppings on the floor to cockroaches scurrying around and a hair in the salad and grease on the menus. Needless to say we had to leave, didn't wait around to see what might be in the entree. Gross!
A restaurant that actually warrants the price they charge for their food. Everything we had was great. Plus the atmosphere is so cool. I had the chicken and waffles and my husband had the pierogi dinner. Everything was more than expected and more than the rest of the places in the area. They deserve accolades for going above and beyond. Kudos and thank you!
6 of us had dinner here last night. All of us loved it. The ambiance is cool. I had the Reuben and it was great but it would be nice if they grilled the bread instead of just toasting it. And when you're paying that much for a sandwich it'd be nice if fries were included. I don't like being nickeled and dimed to death. But I was very happy with the huge pickle!!  I'm definitely coming back. It was great!!
Time and time again I come home from McDonald's on royalton with the wrong or missing items. How hard can it be?  So disgusted with that place!!
Wazuzu serves up incredibly sexy, Asian-influenced cuisine that should not be missed when you're in Vegas.  Bright red walls encompass the cozy, open restaurant.  A giant crystal dragon watches over you as you debate which dishes you'll try this time.  And with that - the Hamachi Chili Sashimi was amazing.  Even the non-sushi eaters in our group loved it.  The Crunch Roll is a work of art that you want to frame rather than eat, but trust me, it's much too delicious just to look at.  The oversized Pork Potstickers with Ponzu Sauce are expertly seasoned and not greasy at all. For the main course - Drunken Noodles, Salt and Pepper Prawns and Thai Basil Chicken.  All three were equally impressive and the portion sizes were very generous.  The Prawns almost look as if they need a sauce, but after biting into them, you them so juicy that a sauce would only mask their true flavor.  The noodles on the other hand beg you to finish off the accompanying sauce that complements them justly.  The crisp red and green bell pepper adds a nice touch of color to the bowl.  Wazuzu is a MUST try for any foodie in Vegas.
I have taken my car here now for seven months (two cars really).  From routine maintainence to identifying a problem they have only shown me the best service.   They always present me with good and complete information and are honest and trustworthy.   The last time I was in they saw the problem right away and since it was a 30 second fix they didn't charge me.  I can't recommend these guys enough.  The best mechanic I have had experiences with in my adult life!
Some of the worst Thai food I have had outside the Midwest I would give it one star if the spring rolls weren't actually somewhat good.Phad thai is the test of a thai restaurant.  This edition of the dish was sorely lacking.  The noodles were clumped together from being left to cool down.  They were oily and under spiced.  The veggies were non existent.  Good spring rolls though.
Who uses soup egg noodles for phad see ew?   Wholly a disappointing experience.  Under spiced and over priced.  Sure the decor is pretty and the service is pretty good but that simply isn't enough to get three stars.Probably not returning...
The Kelly Strayhorn is a good idea which is poorly executed.  The facility has problems:  the stairs on the house are too narrow causing trips, the bathrooms don't really have the capacity for over 300 patrons, etc.Beyond the facility you get to the actual 'poorly executed' idea.  The staff is extremely un-knowledgeable about the subjects they are producing.  For instance none of the programmers on staff have any training in performing arts, they are all visual arts people playing at another field.  As a result they don't even know what they are really producing and any experienced person in the field can tell.  The sad part about this is they REALLY try.  They throw staff and new ideas at every opportunity.  Don't expect great performances here, expect a talked up mediocre performance.  Audience follows content and they don't have content or the staff that is knowledgeable enough to know better.  Check back in in a couple of years.  This apple is too green to eat much less pay for.
I still cannot believe that Pittsburgh has no independent bookstores!  As a result of this I have ended up spending a fair bit of time at this Barnes and Noble location.  As with all Barnes and Noble stores it has a cafe and a decent selection of popular titles.  I am a bit surprised at how smallish it is compared to other stores in this chain.  The bargain section seems to be perpetually picked through.  The selection is ok in that it is well stocked but sometimes a bit disorganized from other customers pawing through the books, less popular titles are a bit hard to find.  The customer service here is pretty good.They could use more chairs.
One of the worst coffee shops that I have ever gone to.  I went to this Crazy  Mocha location three times because of the convenience factor (I had a class next door at the Cultural Trust).  First off the chai is WAY too sweet and under spiced to boot.  I couldn't taste any spices that I could identify.  I suspect that they simply put milk in black tea and sweeten it.  Very disappointing.  Second the coffee:  I generally order drip coffees as they are the true test of a coffee shop.  Crazy Mocha seems to universally brew weak coffee.  I also suspect that the coffee has been sitting for a while by the time I got to in in the mid afternoon.  It was so bad the second time I got it that I dumped it out after drinking about a quarter of it.  The services is OK, not terribly fast or friendly.  They do however have decent wifi.
Neat little cafe with nice ambiance.  A bit cramped at some tables but on the whole pretty romantic.The fries are to die for.  We ordered the veggie burger and the tofu banh mi sandwich.  The bread was crusty and tasty on both dishes.  The Banh Mi was a little light on sauce but overall well done.  Service was slow but friendly.  I really enjoyed the beer selections as well.  The staff was really helpful in helping us with pairing our food and beverage.  I will likely return.
The best brunch in Pittsburgh.  After Doing brunch at about five other places this place really stands out.  The French toast was perfectly done with nutella and fruit.  The scramble was perfectly done as well with the right level of moisture and a hint but not overwhelming amount of goat cheese with a perfectly done potato pancake. The dinner is pretty good too with a solid black bean burger and a memorable fish taco being on the offerings on that menu.Prompt and attentive but not pushy wait staff round out this review.  One of my favorite restaurants in the burgh!
I had good experiences here.  My fianc and I came to steel city to work on a wedding waltz.  Chris, the owner took us on and gave us a good deal for four private lessons.  Chris returns messages within two business days and had good availability in his schedule for the lessons.  The instruction was very professional.  You can tell that he is a seasoned ballroom dance instructor.  The choreography was a bit corny but that is what you expect with ballroom dance, you know?  We learned the basic waltz and five tricks pretty quickly.  Chris was good with both descriptive language as well as demonstration and our final product was extremely well received.
The sweet potato burgers at lunch are to die for.The diner menu however doesn't seem to have such a gem on it.  The ravioli is pretty good but a bit overpriced. The stuffed peppers were a solid dish as well.  the beer glasses are worth ordering a beer for: big, thick and large capacity.The five stars I give for the lunch are sorta drug down to four stars for the two four star dishes at dinner.  Cool back lit menus too!
A great facility for dog sports run not too far from Pittsburgh.  I just finished with the Fly ball course and my dog is doing great.  There are always plenty of instructors and personal time with your pooch.  Most all of the dogs in the class made great strides in the training because of all of the personal attention.They are a positive reinforcement training facility for the most part.  This is a huge plus.  Scientific studies have shown that positive reinforcement techniques are far more effective than old school punitive techniques of dog training.The other students are friendly and communicative and supportive.  The facility has a rubber floor so you don't feel tired from training all day on concrete (it saves your bones).  The prices can't be beat at $15 per drop in (less if you buy a series and even less still if you buy a $25 membership).  Best dog training prices I have ever seen.You can tell they love dogs!
They do so much with what they have.  This venue is a eclectic mix of visual and performing arts that reminds me of start-up spaces in Seattle, WA.  They run entirely on student and volunteer efforts from Carnegie Mellon University.  Sometimes their productions are a hit and sometimes they are a miss but since the price is right it is relatively safe to make the bet.  Most admissions to my recollection are under $10.  During open mic nights for instance there is usually a visual art exhibit up  as well.  Twice the bang for your buck.  It is also one of the only places in Pittsburgh to see experimental work.Due to corporate sponsorship they frequently have free drinks (alcoholic and non) at their shows and openings.  A trip to Future Tenant is the highlight to most of my trips to downtown Pittsburgh and delivers a more consistent and affordable experience than many, more expensive venues.
Holy crap this is awesome!12 or so types of frozen yogurt with about 50 different topping?  Are you kidding?  This place is probably responsible for me gaining five pounds over the last five weeks or so.  I can't quite tell exactly why I can't get enough of it...Pretty fresh for the most part.  Every time I come in there is something being swapped out.
I recently went back to purchase a game and I noticed that they had dusted.  Also there was a new clerk and he was very pleasant but not overbearing.  I was pleasantly surprised by the %10 discount taken off at the register.  This place seems to be on the upswing.  I will try to make a point of coming back more often.
This Giant Eagle is a small version of the chain.  Not as much selection as other Giant Eagles as you may expect.  They also tend to be pretty busy.My experiences with their customer service has been OK.  My questions have been answered accurately and in a professional manner.  Not a bad, smaller neighborhood store.They always seem to have plenty of parking.
CMU is a wonderful school (full disclosure, I received my master's degree here).  I feel extremely well served the CMU experience, the instruction, and the facilities.  I made lifelong connections and would highly recommend it to anyone who feels as though they have what it takes!Pittsburgh, as a city though leaves a bit to be desired.  There is no performing arts scene to speak of compared with similar sized cities, horrible food scene (including a plethora of crappy mid-western pizza), and insane drivers.  Recommendation:  if you go to CMU leave your car in another city (an watch yourself as a pedestrian, two of my classmates were hit by cars as pedestrians).
As ramen joints go, I have seen better.  Not the best ramen I have had but not the worst either.  The portions are good but the broth was a bit bland.  Everyone at my table had to ask for extra flavor (hot sauce) and we all ended up using soy sauce too.  There were a decent number of veggie in the soup.  The egg on top was a pre-soft boiled egg (not cooked on top of the bowl as I have seen in some other ramen bars). Each bowl seemed to have a good amount of veggies in each bowl.  I was unpleasantly surprised to hear that they use chicken broth in their miso base soup.  Why spoil a good thing?  Miso is a great stand alone flavor, I don't get it.  Make sure you ask for the veggie broth when you come if you need to as isn't on the menu.
The rides are great but the food could use a few more options.I know it is tradition to eat either sugar and/or fat at an amusement park but this is 2011.  Couldn't they get something that isn't deep fried or made entirely of corn syrup?  Love the old roller coasters, the shooting gallery, and the games.  I won my sweetie a stuffed mammoth :)Go in the evening for a discount and for less wait time on the rides.  Also if you park in the free parking area you get a cool ride on a ski lift to the front gates of the park
Food is a little pricey for the portion that you get.No debit card allowed, credit card if you spend more than $25 I believe. It's a like cramped inside as well, I'm sure other locations may do better justice.
Had a great experience here for lunch. Good service, best part was the meal. We had the haddock and it was massive!! Definitely get your money's worth in terms of quality and quantity.Plenty of seats and the fish was spot on. Most restaurants overkill the batter and this place has it right with its ratios.
I came in 2 week ago on a Wednesday before Memorial Day Weekend because my car was overheating and they claimed they ran a diagnostics on it and came to the conclusion that it was the Coolant Air Bleeder and charged me hundreds of dollars for that. I was going on vacation the same day my car was finished so it sat until the Tuesday after and I was driving it when I got back and the car started to overheat again, I was having the same exact issue as I was before. I took my car in for them to run another diagnostic all to say my radiator cap was bad. Now today is my 2nd time driving it since then and Im having the same issues again. They said they checked the water pump, thermostat and everything before but I find that hard to believe seeing that I keep on having the same issue. At this point I'm LIVID, they don't seem to have an explanation for themselves nor can really state if they checked everything to ensure my car wasn't to overheat again. The quality and customer service seems to all be half ass to me and I wouldn't recommend anyone, or any one of my friends to come here ever.
I have the worst luck with my phones it seems like. I got my phone and my dads phone fixed at the Gilbert location earlier in the year and was blown away by the quality and the short turnaround time. I thought that it was just a lucky day for me. But no I came in about  a month ago to get my phone screen fixed and the phone was like new in no time. I have recommended almost a dozen people to get their phones and computers fixed here and they all told me they loved the service. Greg is great there, I don't know what i would do without him and UBreakiFix.
I recently cracked my screen on my iPhone 6s Plus and on my way to the Apple Store I saw ubreakifix so I stopped in and got a quote on my phone. It was much cheaper than the Apple Store and also a lot faster service than I had imagined. It's been about 2 months since my screen cracked and the phone has been working like it's supposed to. Just thought I would leave a positive review. I would recommend everyone come here before you go anywhere else.
Kim is my waitress again and she has been perfect. She remembered me from last time and ordered my fav drink without me asking. I'm going to have to come all the time if the service continues to be like this
Never really had bahn mi before I went to this place, so I can't really compare it to others. Extremely clean, wait wasn't do bad. Bread was fresh, as were the jalapeos on my sandwich.I have had summer rolls before, and theirs are great too. All the veggies are very fresh.All in all very tasty.  This might have become a regular place for me, but alas, I'm only here on business.
Came in at noon on a Sunday. All out of bagels, asked for a panini. Out of bread for paninis too. Cashier said they only sliced bread, because they close in 90 minutes.
In town visiting. It's a cozy little place, which is something I like in a sushi place. They have a full bar with a selection of specials and a flight of sake for happy hour. Menu is pretty typical sushi fare, with some items you don't normally see, such as ramen. It was a little warm out, so I got two sushi rolls. Fish tasted pretty fresh.  Selection of special rolls could have been a little more diverse, but I may be spoiled by my standby in my hometown. Staff is super friendly. Only pet peeve is that sushi is prepared in the kitchen. Most of the places I go to, it's prepared in front of you. But, they have a full bar, so maybe there isn't enough room for booze and fish.I'd go back next time I'm back in town. Maybe even before I leave this week.
Used baby clothes, toys, etc.  I have visited similar stores in the valley and this one seems pricier in comparison-maybe because it's in scottsdale? Also, they buy used clothes but might as well donate it!  They offered me 25 cents for an item that they would probably re sell for $15.00!  Like I said, I'd rather donate it to savers.
The food was good and satisfying, but I woud not go again as my first choice.Tab for 2: $65 + tipJellyfish appetizer: tasted like seaweed salad, but had a much thicker texture. Large portion, but not that tasty.Duck entree: edible but gamy, thick layer of fat, lots of bonesTony's chicken: tasty, spicy, lots of breadingEgg drop soup: blandLucky Dragon cocktail: just okay, it was $11Service: wonderful service from Rachel she was attentive, enthusiastic and kindAmbiance: amazing Worth a try, maybe we just ordered the wrong dishes. There was obvious skill that went into each dish, but I think I might just have different taste.
Chef Cory and Dan were just at a large Christmas event at axis theater and the food and service was absolutelyAmazing! The chopped brisket was delicious and the Mac and cheese was also amazing!!! We are from Kansas City where it's hard to beat the bbq there and this was just as good!!! We will definitely be going back for seconds!!
I have had two massages by Andrea now and she is absolutely amazing!!! I was planning on just going there a couple of times because I had gifted massages from my husband, but now I'm considering getting the membership program there!! Definitely check it out and ask for Andrea!
So over priced and the nail tech didn't even do my nails the way I asked. They purposely did it a different way to up charge my service. Very disappointed.
I've stayed here over the last 5 years I think and it's gone from being nice and sane in a world of madness, to just a touch shabby.I used to love it because compared to the rubbish hotels in Vegas, this was a bit of an escape. Sanity. Calm. No big casino. No clubs etc. I love all that...but not in the hotel. The walk to the strip was short and you know, the beds were fantastic.Now though, it's just completely been eclipsed. The Wynn, Cosmopolitan and all the other newer hotels just dazzle and shine and the poor old Westin is, as someone else said, like putting lipstick on a pig. The areas around it remain sketchy and undeveloped, the views are RUBBISH, the spa isn't great, the service is just ok, the TV (per the pics) is from the 80's I think... I come away thinking that I'm in the cheap seats and that's unfortunately not the truth either... at $180 + a stupid resort fee, it's a bit of a con.And as a Starwood Platinum for many years....SPG you should know better. Please refresh and update or call it a pig.
I have been trying, unsuccessfully to obtain a mask cushion for my CPAP machine since early June. I explained during each of the eight phone calls I made to the Apria call center that I have two homes, one in Tucson, AZ, and one in Clio, CA. I explained that I had moved from my home in Tucson to my home in Clio for the summer and wanted to have the cushion sent to my Clio home. Starting in September I was told that I could not receive any supplies since I had been sent supplies in July. I again made several calls, and spent most of my time on hold and frequently transferred from person to person and then back to the first place. I called my insurance company, and their representative called on my behalf and was put on hold three times by three different people over an hour and a half, and at the conclusion was told the system was down, and he would need to call back tomorrow. He gave up. Starting in October, every other day I received robo calls demanding I pay my outstanding account balance. I had never received the supplies, nor had I received a bill. When I arrived in Tucson on Saturday, I found my supplies had been delivered here, and in the mail was a bill for $39.93 with a due date of 10/14/17. The envelope containing the bill had a forward label from my Clio post office dated 10/17/17. I would strongly recommend that if you need medical supplies you go elsewhere.
Really good and tasty food! Fish soup waa die for! Lamb leg was tender and meat just fall of the bone. In Europe I ate differently cooked liver but never was impressed. Not this time! Veal liver was so-o tender and litle bit on rare side - cannot explain, you must try. Be prepared for little bit slow service... Highly recommend!
Looks and feel like 99c store, or $1 store with prices higher than at Macy's. You have to crawl between shelves. Do not go, do not waste your time.
Great food, exactly as expected because of other people reviews. Very tasty! Great lentil soup and salad, pasta was delicious, fish and chips just good...
Visited it yesterday. The design inside is pretty simple - feels like aquarium. Sushi are overpriced and not good as expected. Not worth to visit at all.
Overpriced, food is so-so, not better than in Olive Garden.
Fries were not good. Burger was charred on the outside, dry inside. Good apps: wings and onion rings. Great service.
Oh the Luxor.....Last August my four girlfriends and I went on an extravagant and very memorable Vegas trip.  Our 5 day. 4 night trip was through this fantastic package deal which included day and night activities and accommodations at the Palazzo (a newer and fabulous hotel that is connected to the Venetian and I would highly recommend).  Unfortunately, two of my girlfriends had procrastinated on booking their flights to Vegas until a few weeks before and with all of the popular airlines prices having skyrocketed, they found themselves drawn to the seemingly good deals of the underwhelming Stockton Airport's lone airline "Allegiant" which offers sporadic flights to Vegas for roughly $50 in planes the size of crop dusters.  The catch- they would have to stay an extra night in Vegas to catch a flight out.  In a further attempt to save money, the two lovable procrastinators decided to find a cheap hotel to rest their hungover heads in for their extra night in Vegas.....in comes the Luxor.  My little procrastinators were pretty proud of themselves for figuring out how to save their pennies right up until the point that my non-procrastinator friend and I walked them into the Lobby and helped them settle into their evening at the hotel before thankfully taking our plane home.  The Luxor reminds me of of cheap vodka- take Svedka for example.  Sure, from the outside it looks just as good as all the other vodkas.  It's in a glass bottled (not plastic!), it seems to have it's own character and vibe going on, it's clear ...but once you open the bottle and experience what's inside you realize it's just crap and you feel like a total creep for buying into it.  That, my friends, is the  experience of staying at the Luxor.  Once inside, you feel like you're on a ride at Disneyland as the Luxor is something of a cross between "Mr. Toad's Wild Adventure" and "The Tower of Terror".  Almost everyone staying at the Luxor is really foreign or just really trashy.  The entire decor is plastic, artificial, or falling apart.  Between the pom trees and the giant plaster of paris Sphinx in the center of the lobby, it's almost like the haggard hotel is pathetically begging you to believe, "No this is not a shit hotel, You're in EGYPTTTTT". But on to the best part....on the way up to the elevator, the elevator attendant (were I use the word creepy to describe him, it wouldn't be fitting enough.  Let's just say if he had been missing an arm and been a ghost, I would have believed it), clad in a faded, teal bellhop suit asked us which floor.  When we replied "35", he replied dryly, "we've had a lot of jumpers from that floor".  Aghast, we asked him how many people have jumped and he said, "7 so far this summer".  When the elevator doors opened and we saw the accommodations, we realized why.  Not only are the rooms a shabby disgrace, (my girlfriend later confessed to me that she slept with her sweats with her hood over her head and her socks tucked into the bottom of her pants), but the pyramid shape of the building makes walking down the hall extremely dangerous as the overlook from your floor to the lobby is only about waist-high and after a night of drinking could be difficult NOT to tip over off of.  I began to wonder if those jumpers had actually meant to jump, or had simply toppled over the wall.  In the end, my non-Luxor patron friend and I joyfully skipped off to grab our flight leaving our poor procrastinator friends to think about their folly.  We were gracious enough however to leave our laughter and "told you so's" until they got home.  No need to kick someone when they're down.  The moral of the story- stay away from the Luxor
I was in town for a wedding & decided to stop by Solid since it was nearby. The receptionist was hardly attentive, and I waited upwards of 10 minutes to be seated at a clean station (there were 4 empty stations, and I was the only person waiting); apparently it's more important to have a place for the staff's morning coffee than a place for the paying customer. I asked for a French manicure & the tech refused to use the polishes I chose, instead using an extremely old-looking bottle of white polish and something akin to acetone (I think). The manicure itself was poorly done (uneven, bubbles in the polish, generally sloppy) and literally washed off in the shower two days later. Poor service, poor staff, poorly kept salon, and way overpriced----I pay $15 for a premium manicure in Chicago that lasts at least a week, so the $22 for the absolute worst manicure I've ever gotten, from a tiny little suburban nail salon mind you, is absolutely absurd. DO NOT GO HERE!
Highly professional, competent and personable staff.  Slickest routine dental visit ever.  There was no up-charging.  Didn't get into the weeds of finance.
Once again a successful rental experience with this company I will continue to come back because of the professionalism and their top notch vehicles..a big thank you to James and his crew!
Mark, In the interest of time, I would advise reviewing the items that were requested to be addressed, "in all fairness" the carpet could have easily been shampooed, as we mentioned to Emma.  Unsure where the upgraded kitchen mention came from as the vintage of the appliances was clearly communicated as were the finishes.  The TREC inspector and the Opendoor associate that came to the home both mentioned that the home was in significantly better condition than most that your organization transacts on.  They also mentioned that Opendoor rarely invests any dollars to address the laundry list of items that you presented us with (consistent with other reviews).  The experience we received was deceptive and uneducated at best, for example, we have never received a request to retrade pricing based on the caulking of a brick veneer siding expansion joint on a 1,450 SF single story home on a small flat plot.  The dates for closing should have been realistically set from the beginning.  We literally received a text message the night before the last closing date to finally touch base regarding those above mentioned repairs in question.  The transaction was far from smooth, but confident that your team in the valley will improve upon the experience.
David CHANG's Greatest Hits!  Like the music artists who put out one of those compilations for big money but no creative sweat so Momofuku LV hits the strip food scene.  We have been to two of the NYC venues and rabid fans so we are a bit biased. Atmospherics are all LV hip.  You could drop any big name chef and change the sign in front and start rolling with evening service.  Thumpy uber soundtrack, cool interiors, hip staff and even more hipster floor overseers all make things work.  Our server was knowledgeable, energetic and bubbly.  They all worked seamlessly together and I counted 4 managers who made sure everything was cool.  One overseer dude passed our table every 8 minutes as he panned and scanned the room.   "Leave no empty wine glass behind" is their service motto.  Bravo. They got it down par excellence!Food was also right up there with Mr. Chang's vision execution.   Hot hot, cold cold, crispy crispy.  The Bao's all yummy, especially liked the chicken karaage one. Super crisp and light.  He added a app sized fried chicken, Truffle creme and caviar for $48.  Three petite strips of super yummy chook goodness.  Easily the star of the starters.  Truffle Ramen was not smoking hot so a bit off for us.   I would make it a point to make sure the server expresses this out of the kitchen and you be prepared  to scarf it quick.  Minimize your food Porn shots and eat while the heat activates the truffles.  If you are a party of 4 or more there are some large format entrees like his rotisserie duck that are fabulous but you need to plan ahead and even order in advance.  The big winner entrees are here so go find some friends.  Bar and wine list back up the food to the same degree of thoughtfulness. Mr. Chang is known for being a eclectic culinary maestro with a irreverent look on life.  While what he really should be respected for is being leader of passionate abilities that has created a cadre of culinary and service professionals that deliver memorable dining experiences.  LV peach brings to the West Coast a bit of all his learnings executed by a core team of his tribe of peach peeps.   Actually 4.5 stars with the last .5 attainable once they find their own identity and peach edginess.    Long live the Peach!
Everything is bigger and better in Vegas right?   Well if you take the true spirit of an Izakaya (simple tasty dishes to make you drink more and relax) and amped it up 3 levels and tripled the price then Zumba fits right in.  First atmospherics, the custom groove music playlist perfectly volume synced to the crowd buzz level? Check.  Ample service team running around supervised by aloof/hipster floor managers? Yup.  High end dining room dark enough so you can't read the menu prices? That's the plan.  And most important a beehive of customers shelling out American moolah by the Ben Franklins. That's the whole idea.   I must say that besides good food and on point service, the most important part of creating a great dining experience is You!  And a lot more beautiful people like you!   The energy in a dining room comes from the customers who animate and fill the place with buzz.  That's the magic elusive ingredient that blends and masks everything to a smooth endorphin feeling meal.  Ok, so Zuma got all of that in spades. Food.   Above average sushi bar.  Once you got two choices for Toro (chuu and oo) you know they got the Chefs and suppliers from the A level to make almost everything.  Another markers is Japanese uni (Hokkaido) vs. the us west coast version.  Smaller darker gonads that are more sweeter and intense without the funkiness than their bigger American cousins.   So give the sushi bar a A-.  What's missing is 4-5 unique kinds of fish or shellfish.  They did have kimidai which is a kind of snapper and their scallops are from Hokkaido so they do get points. Kitchen does a great job with a wide and diverse menu.   Mixing Robata, tempura and hot dishes in with the usual high end starters.  As others have said, kind of riffs on Morimoto or Nobu signature dishes.  Nothing super new and I personally did not like the basil/shiso flavoring of their creamier gratin dishes.  Miso Porkbelly skewers did stand out in my mind.  Also the giant grilled prawn a better choice than the lobster.  Another A-.   At this price and execution level you can't really go wrong with any dish.  Bar. Now here they get a solid A!   Very creative and eclectic menu for cocktails.  Got to get the Burning History.  Kind of a Japanese whisky sour complete with torched MaCallan whisky stave.   And hand chipped clear ice to boot!  This was done well and at tableside for the ohhh factor.  Another one is the fish in the bag gin tonic presentation.  Winna!So if you got some cash to burn it's better to waste it here than lose it on the first floor.   At least you will have a full tummy and a great fun memory.  All you get downstairs is regrets!
Great folks, very helpful.  Very smooth transition to and from the airport.  Shuttle bus drivers are so kind and very helpful since I had two large suitcases and was having a hard time managing them.
Meh, considering this is closest thing you can get to Vegas in Arizona, it will survive for now. The venue itself (without the crowd) is pretty up-to-date and hip. I came here once for dayclub and once for nightclub. I would definitely choose nightclub over dayclub (weird because I love Vegas dayclubs). Maybe I just went on the wrong day, but there were wayyyyyyy too many people and the Hennessy shot prices were RIDICS. Speaking of which, I remember before that clubs didn't use to carry it, why Arizona!? WHY!?
Decided to stay here overnight to bar hop, while visiting my friends in Phoenix. (Drinking and driving is NOT okay everyone, so either get an Uber or a hotel!)Pros:- Centrally located (5 minute walk from the heart of Old Town)- Prices are incredibly cheap here, it was $125/night for a 2 bedroom suite on July 4th... what a steal.- Space was plenty. We had four couples and each one could have their own bed, 2 per room, and there was even a pull out sofa bed.- Full Kitchen with stove and refridgerator.- Very home-y and comfortable.Cons:- Security here is very uptight and strict. We received a noise complaint before we even finished settling down and we weren't even making that much noise.
After years of visiting Las Vegas, I've always heard raving reviews about this mysterious "Secret Pizza" inside of the Cosmo, but after finally tasting this pie for myself, I would not come back.Not only is this place over-hyped, but its definitely overpriced.I tried the sausage and pepperoni pizza. While it looked great with huge slices of meat spread across the pizza, it lacked major flavor.
I already knew going in that fondue is something you don't rush through, so I expected the dinner to take time. Although the restaurant was busy, and I only saw two servers, they managed to keep our drinks full and provided excellent food. I brought some friends who hadn't ever tried fondue before. Despite the wait to be seated and the time it took the food to come out, we had a great time and they were won over by the flavor and quality of the experience. Nicely done!
Super good burgers! The staff is unbelievably friendly! And for the season they have Pumpkin Spice Shakes! WooHoo! This place may be small but it is everything a hamburger joint should be. They gave real beef burgers, real french fries, and they create real milkshakes!
Hard to miss with the bright blue storefront in a sea of bland beige. Restaurant was pretty empty on a Sunday evening but that made it easier for us to sit down immediately with a party of 13. Service was super friendly and prompt. Prices were a little higher than I expected but portions were good. Food was very tasty with highlights being the kalbi, bibimbap and BBQ pork belly. Great hidden option in LV if you're looking for decent, no-frills Korean food.
Delicious, delicious white wine mussels. That's all you need to get here. Along with a nice belgian beer. Quick service, no wait and solid food.
Not my first visit, but by far the best! I wish I could remember the girls name who helped us because she was better than great! Extremely helpful without being pushy in the least! Add to that tasty champagne and a bottle of cold water to go!  I will certainly be back to this location next trip to vegas! :)OH! And.,.,..their sale prices are awesome! They had a cute pair of black shoes for $81....in Dillard's they are $135!!!!
I came into this Mac location a little less than a month ago with my bridal party. My face was blessed by obe!! Here's a back story. I booked a makeup artist to do my makeup and my bridesmaids makeup for me wedding long story short he canceled on me 2 days prior to my wedding! I called this Mac and got us all appointments. I was hesitant at first because I have had several makeup artist do my makeup in the past and I ended up hating it! Not this time! Obe listened to what I wanted and talked to me throughout the appointment which put me at ease. I usually do my own makeup on the heavier side and he totally cleaned me up lol after the wedding my husband (who absolutely hates makeup) said he loved my makeup and he wish he could personally thank whoever did it! Thank you again obe for giving me a peace of mind on a hectic day and making me look beautiful!!! I can not thank you enough!! I also want to thank everyone who worked that day because each person did an amazing job on my bridal party! If you are looking for welcoming  artists who actually listen and take their time this is the location for you!!!
The bankers at Cathay Bank are very friendly and efficient.  We came here for a wire transfer to Escrow, and the bankers here offered very professional help. No wait.  We got everything done in 5 minutes.  The BofA across the street is terrible, 45 mins wait for a simple wire transfer. OMGAnyway, I couldn't thanks Cathay Bank more for their excellent service.  Their Banker, Kevin even give me a good follow up the next day.  I would recommend this bank to my clients.
Just bought a $2000 worth of  from the store yesterday, the staff was rude.  Especially the female sale person, not helpful at all. The male sale was okay, however, he needs to ask everything from the female sales person. Consider a customer buying that $$$ amount of items, you treat them with no manner not even to mention customer service. If I am the manager, I would address this matter immediatly since the brand is going down with these kind of staff working for you. The thing I concern the most is, their stuff said they can't grarentee their product, if there is something is fake within the product I purchsed, it is possible.  OMG, are you seriously giving me these answers?  I urged her to call her manager to confirm.  She didn't want to do it at first, and she asked me to come another day when the manager is here and confirm that with the manager. The experience was horrible, the products are okay, but they should replace the sales.  NO CUSTOMER SERVICE and RUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Julio and his team get the job done quickly and with excellent customer service. I will refer them to everyone.
Our experience with AMJ Campbell (for an international move out of Canada) was very poor.Their claims of integrity, ethics, and outstanding customer service proved hollow, as we were exposed to corruption, mistreatment, and incompetence by their partner company in our destination country. In response, AMJ Campbell failed to provide any real and effective support or assistance, saying in effect, "Sorry, there's nothing we can do."(We should, however, acknowledge that the packing and loading team in Canada did a fine job -- the only bright spot in an otherwise dismal experience.)
Excellent food!! We stopped here on our way through Phoenix to sedona and was really impressed with the food here. I ordered the chicken enchiladas and my husband got the shrimp tacos- both were super good!
This was my first time in Montreal and I'm glad someone suggested this gem of a restaurant.  I'm not a big lamb person, but the lamb chops here were delicious!  I had to protect them from my coworker after he took a bite!  My coworkers and I went a second time and ordered the lamb burger, braised lamb, and steak... all were spectacular.  The great live jazz didn't hurt either.  This place is a keeper!
After all the Yelp hype and personal recommendations, I was so disappointed to discover that Gibby's did not live up to either.  I went a couple of months ago for a work trip with 4 other people from my company, 3 of which were of the same opinion as myself about the food.  We started with the salad with Gibby's signature dressing.  I will pat Gibby's on the back for their AMAZING homemade salad dressing... I tried to buy a bottle or two, but they were repackaging it and didn't have any on hand at the time.  I'm sorry to say the salad dressing was the highlight of the evening and things went south from there.My coworker and I ordered the beef wellington next.  I have never tasted a more bland and utterly inedible piece of meat in my life... my coworker felt the same.  I wouldn't have taken a second bite if my boss wasn't paying $50 for the thing.  It tasted like it was barely sprinkled with salt - no other marination whatsoever.  The accompanying mushroom gravy, A1, and Worcestershire didn't help either.  I couldn't imagine how much worse it could taste reheated, so I most certainly did not take the rest to go.Another coworker who ordered the rib eye steak was also not impressed, even after dousing it in the sauces mentioned above.  Another coworker order the fish course, which she was not fond of either.  Our team is from Texas and we've had some truly great steaks there for half the cost of Gibby's.  The service, however, was excellent.  I couldn't bring myself to mention to our kind and attentive waiter how disappointed I was about my main course. If you've absolutely got to experience Gibby's, have the salad, a side dish and dessert and stay for the cozy atmosphere and great service.
Thanks Yelpers for the reviews!  I was not disappointed with Mai Xiang Yuan's delectable dumplings... they were truly the best I've ever had.  I also order the cucumber salad, which was just okay.  Be mindful that at lunchtime, the places is packed to the brim.  Although the food was super good, the service could be much improved.  I realize it was lunchtime and crazy busy, but it took my waiter 15 minutes from the time I sat down to bring me a glass of water.  After that it took another 10 minutes for him to take my order and then 15 more minutes to receive my meal.  I suggest munching on a small packet of peanuts before sitting down for lunch here if you are starving.  It will be a while before you get your food.
I had no idea what to expect walking into this steak house, but I was so glad we decided to give them a try as we walked around the casino. The door greater and servers where really nice and everyone was smiling which is always a good sign.The food took a while to come out the kitchen, and the prices where high but it was 100% worth it....... All of the food was freshly made and everything was cooked perfect (no cooking mistakes in L.V. is becoming rear). If you got visitors in town make it a point to take them to Mandalay.....and If you want them to eat very delicious food I recommend Strip Steak House!
My goodness the food is soooo good here. My girlfriend and I where at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and he was on top of his job even though the restaurant was having a busy Saturday night with a full party going on in the back the drink orders never stopped but he made us feel very comfortable anyway. Then when the food came out it was cooked to perfection. I can't wait to go back I have been thinking about my next plate of Cuban food all week!!!!
I'm a very happy customer these lady's  were very nice to deal with and the work came out great! The shop was clean and a comfortable I didn't know what to expect because I found them on line...... I will definitely bring my daughter back.
Very frustrating.....I just moved and really wanted to use this service..... I was looking for the works package because we have a large property....lucky for me money is not a large issue for us when I make purchases simply put we were not window shopping. When I called the service person a  woman  answered the phone was very unprofessional and disorganized so I gave up and hung up on her annoyed.  I have a short Bull shit tolerance so I had my wife call back the next day and she ran into the same problem with a male it became so bad for her that she asked to speak to a manager on the first call. I called them back after hearing this and cancelled are appointment. Suck off ADT
VERY HAPPY DINNER.....I took my family to DW. and we had a delicious meal, we all loved are meals and the restaurant was beautifully decorated my oldest was so impressed by the paintings on the walls she took a few pictures. I left a bit unsatisfied due to the food not being real Jamaican food it was in my opinion a cover band not the real thing. I had the oxtails plate with rice and peas, when the food came out it looked like Jamaican food but it didn't taste like it at all.....  very low on seasoning but a ok plate of food it was definitely not authentic in no other way than looks.  My parents our both Jamaican and I have visited 5 time so I know the real when I taste it...sorry this at it you mon.
I had these men help me with a move in October 2015 and the service was excellent they were on time, every professional, and ready to get to work.  The price was reasonable because this was a big move and some items needed to be taken up stairs, they get paid by the hour but no time was waited.....I hate moving but if I need to do this again I will be using this service.
We had an event in their upstairs dinning and bar area everything went smoothly. No drama and the Food was awesome. We had about 60 of are friends family and coworkers from two very judgmental industries and not one of them complained to us about anything.This establishment got very high marks from us on the following PriceLocation Service Cleanliness If you do business with this restaurant and your having a problem not them it's YOU....trust me these people are professional to the max.
Phil.....Just ask for Phil if he's busy you should wait for him. He is one of Vegas ' s best barbers trust me. He is now located in a very upscale location where he belongs.
No wonder why this place is empty......The greeter didn't say good morning or even look at me service totally sucked balls.....table was dirty we just left that was enough there not getting my business!!!!!
Excellent food with great customer service!!! Fast service clean restaurant the wings are the boss....
DON'T ORDER ANYTHING from here......sales associate #248461 was very rude while was where checking out she was acting as if it was my fault she couldn't remember my address as she was inputting it into their system....after asking me to repeat it 3 times she then couldn't spell Canyon....???... Not only did they not have my size in store but then to have to talk to this female tool made things worse she was behaving as if I called her off her brake to deal with us even my kids where confused. 8 days later I still don't have them so I'm getting a refund this place sucks balls.
I used to go here all the time when I lived in Glendale to buy cool stuff.  But the best thing about the store was the rocker chic assistant manager who used to work there.  She was piping hot crazy gorgeous.  We were good friends.  I don't know what ever became of her, but anyone who shopped there and knew her knows what I'm talking about.  She was incredibly breathtaking to look at, yet so friendly, approachable, and down to earth.  She usually had her long black hair in French braid pigtails, and had the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen in my life.  Plus she had the most amazing gigantic rack in all of the Phoenix area.  They were massive, enormous, and 100% firm and natural.  Wow, I miss her, and the store too.
I liked Adam - he's a real charming guy and his shop is really cool. But he gave me a crappy haircut, and he did the same thing to my friend! I told him I wanted it trimmed all around, not too short on the back, and not too long on top. Well, he gave me a classic hipster haircut - super short on the back and super long on top. Exactly what I didn't want.
Good haircut. Much better than Alder St, where I got an ok haircut.
Great atmosphere, but the hostess completely blew it in terms of expectations on wait time. We used No Wait to get in line at 6:30 for an 8 pm dinner with a party of 4. The hostess refused to give us an ETA for dinner and then kept telling us we would be "the next small table."  The bar was packed so we couldn't even order drinks. At 8:30 we again asked the hostess and she wouldn't give an estimate. We waited until 8:45, and then my wife who is pregnant had to leave because she was too hungry.  We told the hostess, and I walked my wife to the parking lot on the other side of Penn Ave. Almost as soon as I got back, they finally offered us a spot at the counter by the kitchen.  Why didn't the hostess tell us before my wife walked out?!  Just a total lack of common sense. The meal was fine, great meatballs, but the server took forever to take our drink order and the drinks (wine and beer - not cocktails) were slow to come. They clearly have some kinks to work out, and we will not be going back on a weekend night.
We love this place. The servers are so kind. We've been going since our daughter was 2 months old and one server knows us well. The pork buns are to die for. Get the outdoor table if you can - and bring some cold beer to cut the spicyness.
I purchased my fiance's engagement ring from Eger's, and we are getting our wedding bands from them too.  The owner, Larry, is really helpful and kind, and he will help you find exactly what you want. He works directly with designers and can get you a custom ring made to your specifications.  We highly recommend Eger's!
Great place to take the family. They have bowling alley, movie theater, kids quest so adults can have adult time & a great pool area. Also shopping places across the way...
Had a horrible service from this location. I work within the mall so Cheesecake is the only real food place to get food. We have their menu in our store and we order all the time. I called 30 mins before my lunch to make sure my order was good to go as always, I placed an order of Fried Calamari, good to go. I went over there on my lunch to pick it up and there was nothing. No sign of my order being there. I couldn't have called the wrong location because it's the only phone number we have of them and we call it all the time. The staff and managers seem to be clueless and not even the slightest apologetic of my inconvenience. So I still paid and tried to wait for my food but still took almost 20 minutes where the at the time did not seem to be busy at all. They said that it was coming right up and I waited it was almost time for me to clock back in when I got my food to go and it looked really half assed. The amount of food I got was about half of what I would usually get and they had a soggy piece of napkin underneath the food. It was not fresh, it was not even remotely warm. I was not happy with the experience and staff did not try to do much to help out the situation.
This location is basically my backyard gym. It's clean, I always see people I know there and the staff is awesome. If you need any help at the Aliante location, Blake is the man to go to!
Awesome place to go. I went there for my EMT uniform and everyone was so helpful and super fast.
I tried this place for the first time during a slow hours around 4pm. All I could say is I commend the staff and the cooks. The food and the quality of service surpassed all my expectations. Highly recommend this place!
I've been to this location multiple times since it's just next time my house. Everytime it's a let down. Most of the employees I come across are always on their phones and love to take their sweet time at work. And recently I had to show an employee a promotion they have that's being advertised outside the door cause they didn't know. I've never seen such a unprofessional store. It's surprising that this store has not closed down or changed staff considering the constant negative feed back from everyone. Ive been to other locations and they were nothing but delightful, lucky that this location happens to be the most convenient. Take my advice and just head to Waffles Cafe up the street for smoothies and a snack.
My family and I have been there twice already with a large party of about 9-11 and they always treated us with great service. No complains at all. Great food, great staff, and a VERY clean restaurant. Keep it up!I recommend the catfish salad and shrimp pad thai
Hwaro is my go to spot for Kbbq. They have a great selection at a fairly good price. Food is always good here, try the Bulgogi Nachos!
I've been coming here since I was a freshman in high school and I've seen the atmosphere change. They always look to elevate their shop. The drinks are always good and they make it to your liking and the food is always delicious. Also the staff and owners are great with customers they always like to build relationships with customers.
If you're a college student at CSN and you're on a break, this is a great place to go. Good service, good food, nothing more you can ask for.
DO NOT SHOP HERE. Terrible customer service and there manager has no idea what he was doing. I waited 10 hrs in line and I was 3rd in line. They said they were completely sold out. That dosent happen unless they backdoor it.
To those who LOVE  honest people!!!! This guy is the best!!! He saved me hundreds of dollars and fixed my problem in about an hour!!! I am ALWAYS looking for people like this!!! If you have exhaust problems and Pep Boys, Mr. Tire, and Monro Muffler OVER CHARGE you by far!!! Please check Marty's Muffler out!!!                           Thank you so much!!!                                       April
Hello, I have to tell everyone about this awesome experience we had when we went to Bella Luna for lunch!!!  we went in and were seated by Luke. Greeted promptly and he took our drink order and appetizer order. The bruschetta is delicious!!! Yum!!  I also had a salad with their homemade ranch dressing ( which is to die for!) and I ordered a fish sandwich my friend ordered the panini which he loved!!!  Luke was very attentive and was GREAT with my daughter!! ( thank you!!) Most servers are annoyed with children. Everything was delicious and the service was awesome!!! Thank you so much for a wonderful lunch!!!                                         April
These guys are Awesome!!! They helped me get a nice gas stove AND DELIVERED it the SAME day!!!! I was so happy!!! I have three children and not having a stove for a day is very hard!!! Thanks to these guys, I had one within a day!!!  Thank you so very much!! They hooked it up for us and took the old one away with no cost...  I definitely recommend these guys!!! They are wonderful!!!                                  Thanks again!!!                                         April
This place is great they always have great service and great pizza!!!  The owner is always wonderful and pleasant! I stopped in and they were very accommodating as always!! I have to say if you have never been here you must stop in!! They have awesome specials and do their best to get you whatever you need!!                            Thank you for all your efforts!!!                                  April
This place has an awesome steak salad!!! Delicious!!  we were waited on by a blonde haired lady who was very patient and nice!!  Josh and myself had a GREAT lunch!!! We loved  everything!!! Thank you for the wonderful service and great food!!!                                       April
This place was great!!! The service was even better!!! keep up the good work!!!I had the iced green tea which was made to order. The lady I had was wonderful and very friendly!!! Customer service at its best!!  thanks again!!!
Coit air duct cleaning was awesome!!! I highly recommend it for anyone who just moved into a new place like I have. We painted got new carpet and it wasn't enough!! The air duct cleaning and furnace filter change did WONDERS!! Smells so much better!!!  The air conditioner works better!!!  I'm so happy we got this done!! Josh did a FANTASTIC job!!!         Thank you!!!               April
Hello, We dined at Denny's this week and the manager was kind of rude.  I usually don't complain on reviews because I am in customer service myself, and I'm very understanding.  The food was timely and good  the service was decent but Jen wasn't management material to us. She didn't seem to care about checking tables or running food etc. (call me crazy but that is a manager's job)Right? Sitting by the kitchen of course you see that. But other ppl were busy and to me when servers are busy the manager is there to help. Just a suggestion.
Always a awesome place to go!! I seriously crave this food!!  it is the best, and before work I decided to enjoy a custom creation!!! You can't go wrong with a delicious burger, side salad and some delicious homemade chips!!! Yum!! Remember, you can make so many great dishes, with these awesome choices!! So much better than fast food! Burgatory thanks for another outstanding lunch!!                                              April
I took my family in to dine this evening and it was "as always!" Delicious!!!  We ordered onion rings as an appetizer and my kids loved  them! Next we ordered dinners and my burger was cooked perfectly! I ordered the organic greens with it and their homemade dressing is fantastic! They had a special pumpkin  shake which was to die for!!! Yum!! We will be back again soon!!! I might have to order 2 pumpkin  shakes next time!!! Thank you Stacy!!                                 Thank you!                             Very satisfied diner
Came here for hubby to try his very first Beef Wellington and Gordon Ramsay Steak did not disappoint.I first came here with my sister a few years back and was so in love with this place this was our destination place to celebrate my anniversary.The one thing I have to say - is even though it's been a few years - it was exactly how I remembered it and worth at least experiencing once for sure!Gordon Ramsay Steak is located in Paris - and reservations are definitely a must!! We got a booth upstairs which was nice because it blocked out noise and it was very cozy and comfy...And then our waitress came to show us the different types of meats they offer and share a bit about tenderness, location of cut, etc. Very interesting! We ordered our own Beef Wellington which now as I think back was a mistake - we should've shared because we were SO STUFFED!!  With the delicious breads - they didn't have a lot of variety but the three they offered was AWESOME - the olive bread was our favorite but they also had a focaccio, and some cheesy roll... served with sweet cream salted butter... so hard not to dive into the bread while waiting for the beef wellingtons....For sides we ordered the Brussels Sprouts that was cooked perfectly with fried shallots and prosciutto, along with their fingerling potatoes with truffle and Parmesan! EXCELLENT and PERFECT sides!And the Beef Wellington?  Well it was SO delicious!! With the pastry, the tender filet - with the flavors bursting out... sigh.  I've seen on Top Chef Junior - the KIDS made this - flavored with mustard and mushrooms... the technique of searing the meat and then baking with the phyllo... and i'm sure my memory is still missed some steps but it's not easy - and it tasted so tender and flavorful!! Loved it!!And of course - we HAD to order their sticky toffee pudding cake with butter ice cream!!  We ended up eating half and all the butter ice cream and bringing back the other half of the sticky toffee pudding cake and ate it a few days later - and it was JUST as perfect! DROOL!!!  Great service, excellent cozy environment - and a wonderful food dining experience to at least try once in a lifetime!!
OMG - I watch a lot of cooking shows - Top Chef, Top Chef Masters, etc... and I always wonder how some of those dishes would taste!Well, we splurged and L'Atelier is now one of my FAVORITE and MUST GO to places EVER!!I was a bit surprised to be seated at the counter and realized that we had full view of the chef and all the action!  Saw the chef whipping up the most decadent potatoes! OMG - the work they put into it is definitely reflected in the dish!!Hubby and I each got Menu A - which is the Amuse-Bouche, 3 menu choices and 1 dessert selection.  We figured that allowed us to taste at least 8 different little dishes!  It was AWESOME!!  First we started with the Amuse-Bouche - which was foie gras served in a little cup with this delicious foam on top.  If I could I would've licked the inside of the little cup but I didn't want to seem vulgar or rude... so tempted though....Hubby had the octopus carpaccio and I have to say - this was done perfectly! seasoned perfectly - tender... delicate! amazing!  I had the yellowtail served as a ravioli, with sea urchin and osetra caviar! I still remember the taste, the creamy texture... indescribable - SO mind blowing! Hubby then went for the veggies - Seasonal vegetables medley with Spanish virgin olive oil and I have to say - it was delicious!! so fresh and refreshing! Glad one of us is a healthier eater.  I on the other hand had their seared duck foie gras that came with a poached pear with toasted pistachios on top!  Eating it together was like absolute heaven - perfectly balanced - decadent... UGH so GOOD!Hubby then had the Le Boeuf which was the casserole braised beef cheeks with red wine sauce.  They brought it out in a little casserole dish and plated in front of us - pouring the sauce on top - that was the BEST beef cheeks EVER!! So tender, flavorful! AWESOME!!  My next choice was the beef and foie gras burger with frittes! OMG so absolutely decadent.  Two little burgers with perfectly seared pieces of foie gras with the most soft and toasted little buns ever!!  with my little side of "frittes"...  I loved that it wasn't a lot but just the right amount!! this tasting menu thing is PERFECT!! If my tummy could do it I'd get the full tasting but I didn't think I could do it!  Our neighbor at the counter next to us - who's a regular was this wonderful articulate woman "Angelica" who shared a piece of one of her dishes - it was a thinly sliced piece of raw beef - OMG - SO AWESOME!!!And then we ended our meal with dessert - hubby had the "carrot cake"... yeah right - it was a little carrot cake that LOOKED LIKE a CARROT! it was a delicious piece of art!!  And it came with a coconut sobet!  I will definitely post a picture.  I had the Les Tartes - So I asked - what tarts do you have - response - "oh you get a little piece of all"! The first was their recreation of a snickers bar! (way better than snickers of course), then their lemon meringue (not too tart, not too sweet and very light!), apple crisp (flaky crust with delicious apple), passion fruit tart (AWESOME) and a pear and apple tart! SO delicious - light and flavorful with light crust! Perfect little bites of perfect tarts!! And of course we had drinks - LOVED their blueberry pom with ginger beer - hubby had a great drink as well - unfortunately can't remember the name but I will say our new "friend" had quite a few different drinks - was so tempted ...LOVE this place and will definitely come here EVERYTIME we come to Vegas!!  Definitely recommend reservations and sitting at the counter is a great experience. I was amazed at the the fact that the whole kitchen had to speak and understand french - as the expediter was giving instructions all in french! What an AMAZING EXPERIENCE!!
Got to try this place because while in Vegas - we met up with family and they recommended this place to meet up and I am SO GLAD they did!I had their Brio Sliced Steak Salad - This was SO GOOD and I LOVED it.  The salad had tender slices of steak with a chopped salad that had a delicious balsamic dressing along with tomatoes, gargonzola, mushrooms, spicy pecans and I think there was a bit of creamy horseradish that gave it that perfect BITE with the steak!! Wish they had this dish at home! We also had the special which was the Seared Scallops with Risotto - I think my hubby pretty much inhaled this dish and the plate licked clean!  Other family members had the Lobster and Risotto!  The TAIL was HUGE - they LOVED it and each of the risottos were paired with wine which went perfectly with each of the dishes!We were so stuffed we couldn't eat dessert but i have to tell you - the food, service, atmosphere was PERFECT! We sat around and enjoyed our meal and company with water glasses getting filled and just great service all around.I actually wish we had a Brio Tuscan Grille in the bay area but at least now we know a go to place when in Vegas!!
Mesa Grill is AWESOME - especially for brunch.  Tried Mesa Grill years ago with my girlfriends and had to bring hubby here and he's so happy we came here on our trip...They started us off with their "bread basket" which had a variety of breads.  While I know we should have saved room for our brunch, we ended up eating the whole bread basket and had more!!!  Our favorite was the scones and coffee cake.. Was hard NOT to eat these!  And the server was SO NICE to provide us with only our favorites the 2nd go around!! YUM....We then got Bobby Flay's specialty, The prawns over a homemade corn tamale! LOVED it - we pretty much licked the plate clean!  If you get a chance - go on their website - they show how they make it and it's a MUST order when you come here...I also got their apple salad which because of it's simplicity was so tasty!  That dressing was perfect with the salad - can't recall what it was other than we basically inhaled the entire salad.  And I enjoyed it with my prickly pear tea! They gave me simple syrup so I can add the right amount of sweetness! Loved it!!Hubby had their sweet potato hash and LOVED it.  Cooked perfectly - but because we ate so much bread - he could only eat one, so we brought the other back to our timeshare which luckily had a kitchen so we could heat it up and devour the next day and it was JUST as yummy!I had Egg over Taquillas.  Who knew such a simple dish could be SO GOOD! The egg was so light and fluffy - on top of cheese and they smeared a little seasoned black bean paste between the toasted crispy taquillas. Flavors and textures partying in my mouth!! I'm drooling now just thinking about this dish!  So simple and so delicious!We were SO STUFFED - we definitely felt like we had to roll out of there - thank goodness in Vegas it's all about walking!  And the server was so nice - they gave me a "to go" cup for my prickly pear tea and topped it for me so I got to sip it as we walked around Vegas.  The servers are so personable and attentive - it was a nice welcoming feeling...  Will definitely come back - and maybe try lunch or dinner next time! Thank you Bobby Flay!!  You definitely are the best when it comes to southwest cuisine!!
This was my second attempt at having a decent customer/business interaction with this company. Unfortunately it was an unsuccessful attempt. During my first visit last year I went in for an eye exam and also to get a new pair of glasses. The Dr who did the exam was super friendly and efficient. The total time was less then 30min. The downside was the time with the sales people in front. They didn't greet me, they didn't ask if I needed help, so I just wondered around checking out the new frames. I settled on a pair and seeing the buy one get one deal I found a second that I also liked. I asked someone behind the desk if they could help me, I was told I'd need to wait. This was odd because there were 4 people and only customers. After waiting another 20min the lady said she could help me. Unfortunately the buy one get one deal was for people without insurance, I was only allowed one pair that was around my $200 insurance budget. Another big disappointment was the price I had to pay for the lenses, after my insurance my cost was almost $400!I told them I could afford that, and then the sales person said if I settled on the cheapest lenses the my cost was only about $160.I really liked the frames so I agreed and was told to come back in a week to pick them up. When I got the call that my glasses were ready I went back down to try them on, however the sides of the frames were all bowed out and looked terrible when I tried them on. I had the adjust the frames but no matter what they did they still were too big. It's like a fat person stretched them out and now they didn't fit properly. The guy who was adjusting my frames said that they would need time to fit my face and that I'd love them in a week. I was hesitant but decided to keep them. I have worn them twice, both times they feel way too big and fall off my face. So now I have a useless pair of glasses that will never get worn. By the time I could arrange another visit to return them it was outside of their return policy. So much for that. I called again this year, determined to not get hosed, I opted for contacts instead. When I called to make an appointment, I got disconnected twice. Then once I finally got an answer I was told their systems were being weird and I'd have to call back later... What?So, I'm guessing the life of a eyeglass company isn't what it used to be, and I think it's a better idea to just buy online. Its a shame because I like being able to try on the glasses in person but based on what I have been through it's not worth my time or money. I would suggest firmoo or zenni online glasses companies that don't waste your time and try to give you the best experience they can without draining your wallets.
Long review warning:One of the worse experiences with a "bank" I've ever had. While trying to rebuild my credit, I was advised to open a secured credit card with this branch, however they required me having an active checking account with them first.So I opened one. Then they told me I'd be approved right away for my $300 secured card. They denied me immediately, but only after they got me to open an account with them.I decided it wouldn't be a bad idea to just keep the account, maybe it would help having them reporting positively on my damaged credit.As of today I've used my debit card only a handful of times making small purchases. What I wasn't aware of was that they charge a monthly fee unless I used my card like 25 times a month or if I set up direct deposit with them (this was something that wasn't discussed with me when I opened my account)This first monthly fee hit my account right after one of my small purchases was made, this caused my account to go negative. Then they added a second fee of $32 to my account since it was now considered deliquent, THEN a $20 overdraft fee on top of that.All of this was going on without my knowledge. A month went by and out of the blue I got a statement in the mail saying I owed over $94 and that my account was closed by the branch that opened it.I was like "what? How could I owe money since I rarely used this card?"After speaking with a phone rep, I was transferred to this branch(where my trouble first started) they answered "yeah, hello, what did you need?" I asked is this midfirst? The bank associate said "yes, what was your question?"I explained what happened and how confused I was.During my conversation the branch associate apparently handed the phone to someone else who didn't seem keen on introducing themselves either.This nameless associate told me that I had to pay the full balance before she could assist me, then I would need to reach out to the midfirst headquarters and ask if I could reapply for a bank account...what...the...frick!In actuality having this account worsened my credit, it seemed quite clear that this bank brand and it's associates has zero concern with keeping customers.Overall conclusions: Midfirst might be a good bank for some but this branch is a God awful representation of its customer service, it's willingness to keep customers, and refuses to consider the main premise of customer focus or appreciation. Oh but on a positive note they hand out orange flavored suckers when you visit the branch...I guess that is their subtle way of displaying how much of a sucker they consider us to be.
After reading the reviews online, some friends and I decided to check this place out.We ordered the Gyro combo which comes with fries and a drink for around $7-$8, and a large portion of hummus.The service was so great, everyone from the cashier to the cook. They were smiling and very pleasant to talk with.Our hummus came out first and "oh my good gravy", it was fantastic.The zesty lemon flavor along with the oil and spices that surrounded the chickpeas were wonderfully complimentary to the pita bread (which was refilled upon our request).Our Gyro combos were quickly delivered to our table, each perfectly made with a special request (no tomatoes, extra sauce, etc.).Everything from the complex ingredients in the gyro to the lightly crisped french fries tasted excellent.I gotta say, I've been to a few Gyro joints in the area and they truly do not compare.The amazing portions, the robust flavors, and the personal customer focus are more than enough of a reason to make this place a go-to for fast, friendly, and delightful food.(Side note: Thank you for the delicious baklava that was brought at the end of our meal)
Date night took a bad turn pretty quick when we decided on this place. I'd seen it a few times but never gave it a chance until today. There was some random guy outside asking for food, which the group before us decided to help. We decided to order the 16" three topping for $15.95 special. The cashier (tattooed rude guy named Chris I think) didn't welcome us or ask what we wanted he just stood at the register and stared. I said hello... No response. As I placed my order he said "there isn't a special for that price." I didnt understand what he meant because it's just what I read off of the menu, so I joked and said "well maybe it's special to me." He said "yeah, you can't just order one pizza, you have to order another for $5 to get that price."I told him that the sign said that the 16" three topping was only $15.95, nothing else on or around it said I had to buy two pizzas. He said "I don't think the system will let me do that,  but, oh never mind, that will be $17."Then he asked if it was for here or to go. My girl and I decided to take it to go.I haven't even tried their pizza yet and I have a bad taste in my mouth. Maybe instead of acting like you don't want to be there you could act like a professional and treat your customers with the same respect you get from them.Save your time and money,  go somewhere you will be appreciated.It's this kind of rude service that ruins the neighborhood economy and makes it hard to support your local businesses.
For my first visit to this office I was greeted and asked to fill out some paperwork. I was then escorted by a hygienist that appeared to not want to be there. She took me to a room where I waited about 20min before she came back and said the computer was broken and we needed to change rooms so I could get my x-rays done. I followed her to another room, she asked me where I thought my problem area was (This meant she was only going to x-ray those specific locations and not my entire mouth). I explained that my filling fell out of my back tooth, so that's the only part of my mouth she photographed. Then she took me to the original room, after a few minutes she laughed and said well this computers still broken, let's find somewhere else. I followed and then was left alone for 23min.Another person came in, I'm guessing he was one of the dentists, he was young and gave me an awkward fist bump. He said the x-ray showed my filling as being loose and that it wasn't completely gone. He recommended a cap instead of redoing the filling. My insurance isn't the greatest but I would only have to pay $75 for a new filling instead of $589 for a cap. He said he would see what options were available. A second dentist came over, a much older man, and after glancing at my single x-ray he told the first dentist that I'd need a second filling done on the tooth closest to my problem area. They both left and another 10min went by, I was seriously debating falling asleep... Anywho, a brand new face popped in asking what I wanted to do. I said I didn't have the money for a cap. She told me that the office has payment plans (basically anything under $1000 is about $150 a month, and anything over $1000 was $50ish, but this may vary on the procedure). I filled out a credit application but was denied. I told her I'd have to think about it, right as I was finishing my conversation the dentist came back and said not to wait too long or I'd need a root canal. So overall, I didn't get my cleaning, I got one x-ray taken, and was told that I'd need to pay almost $600 for a cap and a new filling... Well that's a hard pass. The front desk people seem friendly but as soon as you sit in that dentist chair you get to see the real side of this business, money hungry and carelessness. I'm currently still looking for a dentist.
Worth the wait folks. We stopped by after 8pm on a Sat. and immediately became entranced by the scents wafting around the restaurant. We understood that the service may be a bit slow from some past reviews but we were patient, hungry but patient. Our server was a sweet gentleman who was very excited to seat us. I ordered the Pho #16, which was a lean steak, and my lady ordered the Pho #17 with brisket. When our food came we practically jumped into the bowls. The broth was so perfectly flavored, we added the bean sprouts, basil leaves, and lime, as well as some sriracha for a bit of heat. It didn't take long to get to the bottom of our huge bowls, the servings were outstanding. Check this place out, bring you appetite but also bring your manners, I'd hate to see a great place like this filled with rude impatient customers that do not appreciate the energy and dedication that each dish has represented.
My girl and I were always a little apprehensive about this place, only because it reminded us of bad experiences at other local pizza spots,  however on a whim we decided to check streets of New York out. Boy we were pleasantly surprised, from the delicious smells at the entrance,  to the super friendly staff,  this was a definite excellent choice. I recommend their XL new york pizza slice... It's got everything you could want and the crust is so crispy through eat bite. We also tried their boneless wings, which were fresh as I'll get out! Overall, don't be put off by the dark windows and dim lights, this place is just the pizza Haven you can really    dig. A huge thank you to Lacey our waitress, it's refreshing to see someone so cool and professional that goes the extra step to make sure we were totes satisfied.
I was visiting my son attending a nearby college and our timeshare did not allow pets. My dog is a playful, friendly, and loving member of my family and the first experience (located in San Jose) was not as I had hoped for.  I knew I preferred cage free and I decided to entrust Canine Preferred with my pup.   Thank you, thank you, thank you!  They bathed her, cut her nails, and she was a tired and happy, dog when I picked her up.  I appreciate the attentiveness of the staff and so does my dog.  I will board her here Everytime  I visit my son in AZ.  Thank you!
My family and I have been coming here for 10+ years and this was our favorite buffet to come to. We came to this buffet today and this will be the last time we ever come back. We are so angry and disappointed at what this buffet has become. It is not worth paying for anymore... I would not recommend this buffet at all
My family and I have been coming here for 10+ years and this was our favorite buffet to come to. We came to this buffet today and this will be the last time we ever come back. We are so angry and disappointed at what this buffet has become. It is not worth paying for anymore... I would not recommend this buffet at all
Laura is a true professional massage thearpist who knows how to address a variety of physical problems.  I went to Laura to see if she could help me relieve a twenty year deep muscle problem in my shoulder as a result of surgery.  I am finally getting relief I have not experienced since the surgery. She has a thorough knowledge of the physical anatomy and keeps educated on a variety of techniques. She continues to help me now with my sciatic problems and other problem areas. I am very thankful for Laura's professionalism and innate talent.
Wow its expensive here ! I think one fish cost us like 400dollars.. but maybe that was our fault for not asking how much the fish was per pound.Loved their ribeye& octopus appetizer though !Super juicy and cooked perfectly.Don't think I can ever afford to come here again and even if I became super rich, I don't know if I'd pay 400 again for some fish. We'll..see..
Alexis. she is super fun, super cool. QUICK and listens exactly to what you want. I've never had my hair done so well and fast in my life. She made hair dressing look easy and i can't wait to go back and see her next time i'm in vegas. She was super fun to talk to also, it's always a plus when your hairdresser is super chill like this girl.The salon itslef was very clean, trendy, efficient, helpfull, with a great view of the beach pool.  5 stars all around!
5 stars for mandarin oriental in general.Great Service great hospitality, they really put an effort into making your stay comfortable and making you aware you are staying at a top hotel. Their service went above and beyond. One night, getting back to the hotel pretty late my feet were hurting and i got out of the cab with my heels in my hand, immediately the front desk person asked me if i would like some slippers and came over and slid some fresh soft slippers on my feet. I was SOOO IMPRESSED, talk about going above and beyond.They also had a nice little afternoon sweets counter by the restaurant, where they had tons of mini decadent desserts waiting for you to forget about your diet!3 stars for vegas:For Vegas i wouldn't necessarily recommenced this hotel as there is no casino, i also was a little frustrated with the layout of the hotel, b/c to get the the rooms you had to change elevators at 1 of 3 floors, yea its cool the first time but when you are rushing, or you forgot something in the room waiting for 2 elevators 4 times is kind of annoying. =/i was also unimpressed with the private event service, i attended a wedding there and the staff doing the wedding was rushed unorganized slow and inattentive.
The room was a little small but still very nice. I liked the hotel itself very lively, chic, fun.. but not sleezy or overly crowded.I didnt like that the valet was so far from the front entrance it was kind of a hassle to have to walk that extra bit (in heels) to get to the taxi line when you are expecting to be right there when you walk out the front entrance. They charged $40/day for the gym wtf really? I would stay there again and recomend it b/c i liked the atmosphere but  i would recomend finding a deal on hotwire or something b/c it wouldnt be worth the full price.
yum! mario batalli you have done it again! Its not del posto... not even close. But it is well priced quality italian food inside a venice italian moonlit/sunlit/ cloudy painted michealangelo sky. You sit outside like any italian piazza cafe and you can watch the plays and shows happening in the ventian plaza while you eat. They have great cocktails and food is really good for the casual comfortable spot that it is!
one of the nicest spas i've been to, and best massages, my most recent comparison would be the half moon bay ritz carlton and Vdara was way wayyyy better.The massage was really nice, i got the hot stone, my girl was a little rough with me at times but once i mentioned it she adjusted her pressure. But i mostly loved the facilities, so clean and quiet, it was like having my own private spa. The staff was there to tend to all my needs and they were able to accommodate some of my specific requests. I will definitely go back.
I really enjoy mad greens especially in Tempe market place. I like they it's a healthy but quick option! I usually grab lunch here and never have to wait too long to grab a bite to eat! I love the wraps and the ice tea is amazing!
I love everything about Bahama Buck's! It's just so good! The only downfall is I wish they had one in Scottsdale!
Very good pizza and great service. Nice selection of beers too. Brought the kids, it was fine. Off to the ballgame!!
I must agree with other reviews about the staff, particularly the owner. He's very rude. My friend had given me a gift certificate/ pre-paid ticket for a tune-up here and just went in to use the service. The owner insisted that he never does the gift certificate/ pre-paid ticket and refused to take it. Unfortunately I wasn't able to utilize my friend's gift :((( I couldn't deal with his attitude and had to walk out. I will never go back.
SO GOOD! You gotta try this place. You will not be disappointed!! The meat is good, the sides are good, and even the soup was excellent. Mama knows best; mama's from korea; mama was loving this place. You will too.my minus one star is because they didn't have any yangyum pah (the seasoned and mixed green onion stuff). at a buffet that had everything else that i wanted, i was really disappointed that they were missing this.
Terrible bar! And the bartender said it himself "we just have a basic bar here." I asked for a Moscow Mule and he said it would be $12 bc they charge for each ingredient separate AND they don't serve it in a tin cup. Not that it's a huge deal, but that's part of that drinks schitck, especially if you want me to pay that much. So I asked for a rum and coke. No rum. I heard the lady beside me ask for several drinks and he kept turning her down, stating they didn't have those kinds of liquor.Another person on here commented on the parking, and they were right. It sucks. That's one of THE FIRST THINGS my friend and I said as we got out of the car. The parking sucks. Food was good, can't complain about that. It was actually really good. But, probably won't go back since apparently the bartender only knows how to pour beer.
My husband and I come here every year for our anniversary in July.  The resort is beautiful, but the reason we keep coming back is the service.  From the moment we drive up, to lounging by the pool, to coming back from our anniversary dinner, the service is always above and beyond our expectations.  I will say however, the rooms are a bit of a toss up: sometimes we get a really nice room, and sometimes they are a little run down.
I have been coming here for almost 3 years now. I use pubic transit and live in central Phoenix and never think twice about the bus ride required to drop in! I am always greeted with smiles. Ken has no hesitations taking time to fill me in on new/old titles, letting me know what story arcs I am behind on, etc. Great selection of comics, trades, and figurines. If they don't have it and you want it, they will find it. Ken has even sold me stuff out of his own collection before! It's the corner stone to any trip I make to Downtown Glendale. Allways worth the trip!
This is not entirely accurate.Anderson's Fifth Estate is NOT closed. While it may seem confusing, Anderson's is part of Stand Up Scottsdale now and has events every weekend. Both Friday's and Saturday's have stuff going on. I am the main DJ for Friday nights, currently, so take my word for it.Friday is Digital Addiction with DJ Forge, an mix of electro clash, industrial, alternative, synth pop, and more.Saturdays is Retro and Beyond, just as we always loved it with DJ Dan and DJ Halo playing classic alternative, 80s dance, synth pop, etcI am partial obviously but am only rating a 3 so that no one thinks I am trying to inflate the ratings. Otherwise I would give it a 5!
I used to eat here all the time in the late 90s and early 2000s. Loved this place! Then I took my girlfriend here for her birthday tonight. It took nearly 5 minutes to even track someone down to seat us. When asking about the beer selection the waitress didn't have a clue. We put in our order for just sodas and placed our appetizer order for the bacon wrapped shrimp. We also placed an order for our main dishes, the filet mignon and shrimp and the broiled fish, shrimp, and scallops. We got the bread, drinks, and bacon covered shrimp quickly. The shrimp was fine I suppose. Nothing fantastic but the bacon felt and tasted like it was some store brand el cheapo stuff. All was well until I spent about 20 or 30 minutes staring at an empty glass of soda and wondering where the heck our salad and soup were at. We hadn't even seen her. She brought a refill and promised the food would be coming soon. a total of 1 hour had passed since walking in and we finally got our salad and soup. The cesar salad was overloaded with dressing so much I couldn't stomach more than a couple bites. The vegetable beef soup was bland with nearly zero beef and was warm at best (she couldn't finish either). 15 minutes later our main course showed up. The filet mignon was bland, but a decent cut at least. I had to use salt and A1 which I hate doing... The shrimp scampi tasted like shrimp scampi. nothing more nothing less. The baked potato was fully loaded and cooked just right. Her fish shrimp and scallops were decent enough, but nothing to write home about. We finish up and discussed how it seemed like the server totally forgot about us for that initial time and eyeballed my soda again. We never saw her after getting our food so if we needed anything we would have been out of luck during our entire meal. She finally came back with the bill, where I got a surprise. Apparently I was being charged extra for my cesar salad and loaded potato. I requested to see the menu and sure enough, not one mention about up charges or subs. She then said she had to ask the owner and the only thing she was allowed to do was remove the cesar charge of $1.50. I honestly considered tipped her nothing. I left a very low tip as i am not THAT heartless but I hope its a lesson to her.I may never go back because in my opinion, horrible service and food that tasted like it was bought from a dollar store is definitely not worth my time. Nearly two hours worth. And there were only 5 tables when we arrived and 7 when we left between 3 servers and a manager in the front of the house.
I was looking forward to this event in Scottsdale as it was one of the few times my fiance and I could get away from work to do something together. Unfortunately the day was far from pleasant. It began by not going in at our scheduled time, but over an hour later. We tried to relax with soda and water as the sun beat down on us, only to find the concession stand had only room temperature drinks! We were also unable to register our wrist bands which made the experience not quite as immersive during the "training" as I felt like I saw just "First Player". There were long lines for each activity and game, and the staff didn't seem to care much about it instead goofing with their phones, ignoring my questions, and talking with other employees about non work related activities. And the games and activities did not work or respond well at all. We finally gave up to go in to more hurry up and wait lines to see the 3D dome. the sound was so muffled we couldn't understand half the dialogue.  Then came more hurry up and wait while we waited for the ride. The ride itself wasn't bad though and unfortunately the only thing that went well. Even the gift shop area seemed poorly managed by employees that were more interested in talking to girls that were obviously much younger than them and "checking them out."I felt as if I wasted my ticket money and spent it for overpriced warm drinks, poor staffing, and standing in line for 4 hours of my day. So glad I didn't opt for VIP
Went in here after searching for good ratings on nearby barbers. I saw a buddy gave this place a good review so I decided "why not?"I am very glad I did. I went in on a Saturday before I had to get engagement photos done. I walked in and was greeted immediately and warmly. I was seated right away and I was asked what was to be done. I have a spin on a common hair style, so I explained it. The older gentleman with glasses listened and made sure he understood correctly. He quickly went to work and asked as we went to make sure I was ok with the progress (such as where to begin the fade). Once he finished up, I got the classic straight razor and warm towel treatment.The decor was warm and inviting to me. The only thing I found could be an issue is he took his time for my cut. to me, 20-30 minutes for a GOOD hair cut is totally acceptable but nowadays a lot of people want it done super fast. It may have been just me but it took some time but nothing I found terribly long. Can't rush quality!I am definitely going back in a week or two when it is time for my trim and touch up! Next time I may even get their warm shave that they also offer!
Not too terribly bad. The selection is ok, with some good favors for the higher end shisha but lacking in the budget area. Good selection of coals as well, but their prices are steeper than any of the Tempe shops. I haven't smoked there but am so satisfied with their customer service I would definitely give it a shot.Big bonus? The owner is a Veteran and offers a Veteran discount. If price or a large selection is an option, wait to hit Tempe. If you are central, don't mind spending the extra couple bucks I'd definitely hit this joint.
I am giving a 1 because i can not give a zero.Last night me and my fiance visited for food after seeing a concert. It took 3x to get our order right via the box before getting to the window. Then when we got there he tried to charge us for another order that was double ours. All while yelling over/through my car to someone else in their giant cargo truck!! We finally got our correct order... or so I thought. My sandwich that was supposed to have sausage added (and i was charged for!!) was missing sausage entirely. If that wasnt bad enough my croissant was partially BURNED. Not over done but BLACK.I said whatever and figured i would call and address this in the morning. I called and asked for a manager. Apparently one is not there on the weekends. I was at least offered a team lead. "Ok, at least this can get addressed"Nope. I was greeting with a shouting "what do you need?" Not so much as a "how do you do?"Corporate will hear about this. I will also NEVER come back to this place either. Your restaurant and employees give fast food chains a bad name. Shame shame... Feel free me directly should you choose, i would love to discuss this and maybe be assured this will be resolved as i would rather not drive an extra mile or so to another one (which has always been A+ by the way)
Quick and easy and he accepted a coupon from another smog place.The gentleman couldn't have been nicer. This will be my go-to place from now on. And the location across from the DMV can't be beat.
I boarded my 2 greyhounds a few weeks ago. I especially liked the fact that there was 24/7 onsite supervision and that they had larger rooms to accommodate both my hounds staying together.  When I dropped them off, they entered my feeding instructions into the computer and took their photos which I also appreciated. All the staff I have met seem genuinely interested in their "guests". I plan to use them again for my next trip.
CLOSED?????? Went there for dinner Friday night and the place was locked up shut. Called the phone number and got the usual message. Anyone know what happened?
I had gone in with a friend of mine for lunch a few days ago. The food was okay like any other reviewer would inform you of, but I felt very very uncomfortable as we were the only two in there and they would stare at us relentlessly, it was at a point in which we decided to eat in the tables outside of the building rather than inside.
Management has changed and over the last couple of months it has become A-mazing!! Service is super nice and it actually looks cleaner than it used to be, it takes less than 15 minutes to make a pizza out of scratch and wings only take 10 minutes, there's also pasta, dessert, and drinks. It has a great family friendly feel and it feels a lot like a restuarant!
Oh Postino. My only complaint is that I live in another state and won't be able to come back soon. Great atmosphere (nice but not stuffy) great prices and ridiculously good pub board appetizers! Service was lovely as well. Our server picked one of our bruschetta options since they all sounded yums and he picked a good one with the salmon. Other options were brie and apple, pepper jam and goat cheese and buratta, bacon and arugula. All worth stuffing your face!
So good!!! Got the butterfinger bowl and was in sugar overload heaven. Next time I'll share it since they are a good size. They also have smaller bite size options that are good too. My mates got the banana peanut butter bowl-also divine. If you're in the area, go get some!
I've been going to nail salons my email entire life, and this by far is the best nail salon!! Cindy has been doing my gel nails for about 3 years, and she's amazing. Abby gives the best pedicure. I always do #2 pedi. The entire staff is very accommodating. I always make appointments because they are rather busy.  You will be disappointed if you go anywhere else after the experience here.
Great experience with Bare! Melissa made me feel more then comfortable she's great at what she does and I was very happy with my results/ experience will definitely be back again!!
I went to this office because it had all these great reviews well from the moment I walked in it was a major disappointment. There was only 1 other person in front of me it took over a hour to be seen. The bathrooms were disgusting no paper towels garbage everywhere and the front desk had horrible customer service. I went there to get my thyroid checked so they sent me to go get blood work done. Over a week goes by and I never received a phone call so I called them left a message no one called me back and I called again the next week so 3 weeks not since my blood work and at this point I'm frustrated left another message never called back. So I went and got my results myself from the lab and went somewhere else to be told I have to go see a specialist because I could have a autoimmune disease. Thanks for Caring for your patients! I will never go back there worst experience I have ever had.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place it's so cute inside always clean and everyone's very nice! I recommend this place to everyone I know. Nancy is amazing at nails but they all do a great job!
Terrible place the guy messed up my nails had to leave to go to another salon. So unorganized and basically raising a baby there. It's ridiculous and would not recommend this place to anyone.
Horrible customer service and once they get your money they don't care. From the get go it started out bad they had me sitting around waiting for them to show up for my appointment that was late the guy had to finish in the dark which I wasn't to thrilled about. Then not even a week later my door handles started to peel off. Once again waiting around for my appointment. Finally they showed up fixed it and it's only been about 30 days and they are peeling again. I contacted them and they showed zero interest in fixing it even tho it's under warranty still and it's clearly not my fault. He said there's no Guarantee well if that's the case maybe you shouldn't provide the service and take people's money because that's totally not fair. I will never use them again and personally I wouldn't if I were you.
Service is so slow they messed up my drink order twice then and the server forgot the chips and salsa never filled up the water and had a terrible attitude or and let not forget the bartender was hanging on the bar on his phone texting for a while not working. They need some serious management changes or something. Won't come back.
Great store with Fantastic service. When I bought my bike, these guys went the extra mile to make sure I had an amazing outcome after a mixup (on the supply side) delayed the delivery and I would definitely buy my next bike here, if I still lived in Ontario.
Well we was a walk in this one of the black own places that I wouldn't mind telling ppl to come to an get cleaned up they open up early an the location is amazing I told my boy friend he will b coming back here every two weeks LMAO......
I love Mandalay Bay! From my experience, I think it is the best hotel in Vegas.It's not only stunning inside, but it has it's own beach! What is not to love...Although Vegas has so much to see... I could literally stay at the hotel and satisfied.Private cabanas, awesome tub in my room, great food, amazing service. I think I pretty much said it all....
I think that I didn't have the experience I should have had - if I were in NYC. I've never been to S3 in NYC but I imagine that its less Disneyland-ish with long lines and expensive drinks that taste bad. Next time I'm in NYC I'll try the real deal.
I like everything about this spot. Thanks, Yelpers for the recommendation! Sitting on the porch with a garden fresh salad and artisan iced tea enjoying the misters and good music.
AMAZING customer service!!  I needed a tire changed same day.  Costco checked for the tire I needed and told me there were none in the region and that it would have to be ordered (would come-in, 2-3 days).  I did NOT have 2-3 days as I had a 30 mile commute to work and I wasn't going to do that on a donut in 115 degree weather.  They called around, pulled some strings and 5 min. after walking into the place, I had a price match and a new tire appointment later that afternoon.  Tire was changed in about 10 minutes with no fuss or unnecessary sales pitches about other products "i need".  I completely recommend discount tire- this is not the first time I have been blown away by their prices and service.
Best Briskets I've ever had. Not crazy about the choices of side dishes, though.
Love their stuffed mushroom & all kinds of pasta, but not crazy about their pizza. It's not worth for average 30-min waiting time for a table. Too noisy there.
This restaurant was the worst dining experience I ever have had. We went with friends to have a bite to eat and some wine. We waited 40 minutes to get drinks for three of our five people, and ten minutes later the owner came to deliver the other drinks. He told us that our waiter was having a "meltdown" so he (the owner) brought the other drinks  Thirty minutes after that no one had revisited the table for food or additional beverages.  When two of us went to the bar to speak to the owner about this situation, we were told he had left 15 minutes earlier, leaving an incompetent staff in charge. The calamari we ordered tasted like frozen calamari in a package. The rest of the food tasted pretty good, except for one main entre salad which contained the base core of a lettuce head, buried within the salad; it was not supposed to be there. There were only three other tables being served so it was not busy, but the overall dining experience was so unbelievably poor, that it gives dining out a bad name. No one, even the owner apologized or offered to comp anything for the acknowledged poor service and I do not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  Our $155 tab was not cheap and extremely overpriced for the quality of service, wine and food. Don't waste your time or your money.
Traveling in Las Vegas? Did you break your phones screen "At da club"? Well this is the business for you! These guys were amazing they came to my hotel fixed my phone in mins with some of the lowest prices for repair. I was scared that I might have to get a new phone but not with them.
Came with a group of 15. We thought this place is pretty big, they should be able to accommodate us. Took an hour and half to get our food. I had pizza, which was burnt on the bottom. I felt had it not been burnt it would of been pretty good. One person in the group had the tuna steak which was way over cooked.  Very dry and tough. The philly was mediocre.  The fish fry was luke warm, and nothing to write home about. The nachos were good from what i heard. I will say out waitress was very good and on top of it. Kudos for here.
I love Nue! The salon is clean and welcoming. I see blakeley for my eyebrows and really think she has done a great job. They look better than ever! She concentrates and let's you try products before you buy (brow pencils, shapers) and isn't pushy to get you into the salon often. She truly does what's best for you!
Love thus place! Great atmosphere. Love coming to the patio for drinks at night or for brunch on Sunday. Their fresh made OJ is the best!!
We use to be regulars at Brass Taps because they used to have quality bar food, which is surprisingly hard to find in Charlotte. We hadn't been in a while and went in last weekend only to find their menu had changed completely. They no longer had the beloved flavored waffle fries we craved. We ordered regular fries (which had bits of burnt food from the dirty fryer) and wings. The wings were breaded and sat in a THICK layer of orange grease. We saw other odd items, such as a bruschetta served in a giant martini glass (why?!?) and tater tots in a skillet (again why?!) Covering up gross, low quality food with whimsical (and weird) presentations isn't going to work. Totally disappointed and we will not be back.
Great dealership experience. They've gone out of their way to ensure that I am happy with my new Tucson! I worked with Kenny and he was knowledgeable and helpful. They matched the price that I had gotten at another dealership (bad experience) and I am happy with my purchase.
Was very impressed! I love the feel and atmosphere. I got the cellar smash to start with and my sister got a mule. Both were fantastic. Sitting at the bar gives you the opportunity to watch these bar tenders take their craft very seriously. We got the truffle fries, tuna tartar and shrimp and grits. All were great. My only recommendation is to have more gluten free options on your menu, but they were very accommodating about finding some choices. Will defiantly be back!
I love the beer, but the service is not great. The bartender couldn't be bothered to explain the beers in a flight and walked away when we ordered a beer they were out of. Take note from birdsong and be thankful for your customers.
Their brunch is fresh and so good! Their decor and atmosphere make it an enjoyable 'upscale' place without super high prices. The owner is so nice and takes pride in his restaurant. Defiantly somewhere to try!
My friend and I just had a wonderful experience after a problem at Pisces. We were enjoying our meal and wine when there was an issue with a sushi roll. The staff, manager and, I'm assuming, owner were extremely apologetic and accommodating. They fixed the problem then you took several additional steps to make sure the problem was taken care of. This says a lot to a customer! We will be back.
I wish I could give 0 stars. Hands down the worst salon experience I hope I EVER have. My hair was completely ruined by Liz. First, she didn't even look at my hair or consult me before going in. She put straight bleach on my hair. While it was processing, chunks were falling into my lap. I have always had healthy hair, so this was alarming. When the color processed it was blue, clear and white. On to the cut- she left it clearly uneven (inches different on each side) and the terrible color didn't even reach my root. I was in tears. She didn't check my hair before she sent me out and when I sent her pictures of what she did asking for a refund, there was no response. Please save your hair, time and money. I'm still dealing with her mistakes 3 months later.
First review: I'm pretty sure I'm obsessed with basil. Everything is so amazing! I recommend the basil rolls or wontons to start out with. I have tried maseman curry, green curry, pad Thai, pad kee mow, pad kee sew, and black pepper garlic beef. All have been outstanding! Don't be afraid to go for the spices!!Updated: I used to be a weekly regular at basil. Since their recent change in management and staff I have been disappointed over and over. The spice is inconsistent, flavor is lacking and the staff is not knowledgeable about the menu. They cut back on sauce (why??) in my favorite dish which is disappointing. Take out orders have been wrong on a few occasions and both me and people I'm dining with have sent food back recently. Management doesn't seem to care. Basil, you use to take a big chunk of my paychecks but now I will go elsewhere. :(
Use to love Rev, at there a few times a month. Many times in recent history they do not have ingredients or wait staff when we go in. On one occasion we literally sat outside on a Saturday morning from 12:00-12:30 while we saw people inside, but the doors were locked. They have lost some solid customers. Hate to see this happen in my neighborhood
I like this place. Good atmosphere and good sushi. The reason for 1 star is that it is advertised as gluten free friendly. My sister has celiacs, so to double check we called to make sure. They said yes! We are! When we got there (after ordering a bottle of wine) we were informed that there was not options for her. When we talked to the manager, he got a really big attitude. Bad experience. It's just frustrating that they market as friendly, but have no options. Educate yourselves.
One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte! Great choice in appetizers, sushi and entrees. My only complaint is that I usually dine with my sister who has celiacs. On our first visit, the waiter was very helpful and attentive with her dietary restrictions. The following visits, she has notified the waiter but has gotten sick from cross contamination. I would appreciate if they were a little more careful in food prep with her allergy! Otherwise, their tres leeches cake is amazing and I love trying all the different appetizers. Some of the best sushi rolls in Charlotte and on Friday they are 1/2 off before 6:30. Can't beat that!
This is the most beautiful baseball park in the majors. Excellent views of the field and the downtown Phoenix skyline. The food is great and the people are nice. Would be off the charts if the Padres started winning pennants
Last night my wife and I decided to give Taps Signature Cuisine & Bar at Park West a try.  We had been to this building in its former life "as Rustica".  It has been fun to see a couple of different operators make a go of it in what is really a great space.  As we sat at the bar and enjoyed a bottle of wine and 3 courses we were compelled to share our impressions in hopes that the team that is putting Taps together will read and take note.  They are on the right track but need some minor adjustments.  Sooo,,, The food was certainly a high point.   We shared  a Knishnosh, a small tart filled with ribeye and mashed potatoes and covered with a tasty sauce.   The  presentation of this cleverly named item was fantastic.  When the server mispronounced the name of the tart it fell a bit flat. We also had a house salad which exceeded expectations and finished with the Hot Chocolate Chip Cookie.  Again a great presentation with a thin soft cookie "sauted"  on a iron skillet topped with ice cream.  The fresh berries seemed to be overkill however.  The Chef was consistently present moving between the dining room and the kitchen.  I would recommend he make a personal visit to diners mid point in their meal.  This would likely result in a lot of positive feedback for chef as well as building a personal connection with new patrons.The atmosphere of this room has always been a bit odd.  The new owners  have added a very cute wine rack (thanks Wine Styles) which would stand out more if painted a different color than the rest of the room (cobalt blue?).  The space is industrial by design but some plants and art would soften the edges.   The lighting is atrocious.  WIth the Home Depot bathroom  lights at full tilt over the server station and with the bulbs removed over the Jazz Trio the room was severely off balance.  Two out of three of the track lights over the Trio work, leaving the guitarist to pick in the dark.   The servers are trying really hard but could use some standards and leadership.   We walked in with no greeting and sorted out seating for ourselves.   NO ONE TOLD US THEIR NAME.  If they had I would be mentioning the ones who did well here (    ).  Our server/bartender redeemed herself from the earlier mispronunciation with some good recommendations, efficient service, and a friendly smile.  Unfortunately her shift ended half way through our meal.  She said goodnight and she introduced us to her replacement who promptly forgot we were there.  We spent the next hour flagging down anyone who's eye we could catch for service. Fortunately the regular bartender took a break for an hour or so.  Nicole (i asked)  stepped in and picked up where our earlier server left off.  Along with letting us know we were not invisible, she cleaned up the wall of glasses left by the bartender at the end of the bar and swept up the broken glass on the floor.  She was a bright light in the service team.  The Hostess was on post when we departed  and sent us off with a fond farewell.The middle aged man at the bar  wearing the Fedora combined with the Jazz Trio gave me great hope when we walked in.  Had we found a new, cool place to escape in the west valley?   As the evening unfolded it became apparent that this is not the case.   At around 9 the ends of the bar filled with servers texting under the bright lights.  This seemed to attract the "hats on backward" boys that frequented "Rustica".  I suspect that if these guys were actually paying for their drinks they would find somewhere else to drink for freeAgain... the news here is good.  With good food and drink, an attempt at atmosphere and some leadership this may become a cool and convenient spot for west siders!
Great facility and great coaches! Top notch for sure! My 11 year old son has been going to MMA Lab for the last three months and loves it! It is a very relax environment and they treat the kids very well.
We used Taurus Moving last week and loved every minute with there wonderful crew! David was great to talk too on the phone and was very professional.  Corey and his team was very experienced and had a great touch with our furniture.  Very pleased with their work and will use them again when our new house is built!
Good as always. Didnt try dinner yet, but tea and desert is amazing. Yes its not cheap, but it was worth it.
Nice place, good ramen. Gyoza was a little burned but pretty juicy inside. Over all - worth its price, wouldnt drive here from far, but if im in the area and looking for quick foodbreak, would definetly drop by.
Awesome place. Reminds me a lot of restaurants in Asia and Europe. Casual, good food, loft. Very cute food was good, I like the steak sandwich, and I believe this will become the new "spot" no pun intended to hang out at in Gilbert they are pretty crowded on weekends
I live and have lived about a mile from this place and finally stopped in a few days ago. I really like it here. They have a large selection of all kinds of used books. They arent as big as some of the other used books in the valley but i walked out with more than a few books for under $20. If your in the area I highly recommend checking it out. Just take a look
Received a Spafinder gift card from a friend for Xmas, surprisingly not many places will accept them. Mary Lynn's was closest to my house and accepted the cards. I have only had a handful of massages and by no means a regular. Which is good and bad because I don't have much to compare too. When I called they got me in right away, within 30 min, and the salon was very nice. Red walls don't bother me. Mary Lynn was there and greeted me as the owner and to my masseuse for today. She told me about services offered and the loyalty program. I like that the owner is there and involved in her business. Lacey was my masseuse for the day and did a very good job. It was a sports massage and she found places I needed work in and focused on them. The room was quiet and calming I was comfortable. I walked out feeling refreshed and fluid, how you should after a massage. There wasn't any pressure to buy more products. I looked at there service menus and my only complaint is they are expensive. Eyebrow wax $20?! No. I can do that for 7 down the street. They have a 120min for $99 and $5 back for every $50 you spend. I'd go back again
I was so disappointed in this place. Really sad about my experience here. I find that in Gilbert its pretty hard to find a locally owned place. Lots of chains around here. So I was pretty excited to see how JP was. There wasnt a sole in sight was we came in around 10am and the waiter looked like he didnt know where he was, very quiet. We sat and took a look at the menu, mostly typical breakfast stuff. Pancakes and eggs. I ordered the Banana Chocolate Chip Pancakes and my breakfast partner ordered the French Toast Combo. Food was fast about 10 min. Pancakes were average at best. Def tasted like a mix instead of homemade. However, my buddies food was terrible. He insisted that the french toast was frozen and bacon and eggs were not even edible! Thats pretty bad if he couldnt get through the bacon. We sadly will not be returning. I hate to write a not so good review about a local spot. Get it together JP. Prices were a little high as well.
Awesome awesome happy hour and its long from 3-7. great selection of drinks and a great vibe. food was really good too. had the zucchini poppers and they were average, but the queso and carne were great. so was the blt. we will def be returning!
I was so disappointed with the Salt Cellar. We made reservations here for our anniversary dinner knowing what a phx staple this place is. table was ready which woudlnt have been a problem considering that the place was empty. My hubby had the scallops and lobster which were average at best. I had the steak ordered rare it came more medium and wasnt that tasty. For the price i just wasnt impressed. there is a ton of great food in the area and i wont be returning. it wasnt all bad the wait staff was very friendly and the oysters were ok. just the quality isnt there for the price.
I really like this place. Tried it out on a groupon and they did an awesome job. Ive been coming for pedi and mani and it has always been reasonably priced and they give out coupons. Also salon is always clean and sanitary. today i had them do a design in my nails and it came out adorable. A good value and a good experience.
I cant say enough good things about the academy. I have been going to the toni and guy at san tan for awhile and trust them always, however they are expensive. the academy gives the exact quality and standard of work from the salon for a third of the price. check in offers and free services from mentioning yelp. I have Bella do my hair she is amazing!
I found this place on Yelp looking for a metaphysical book store. They have a wonderful selection of books and cards. Prices are pretty standard depending on what you are buying. I also had a reading done the second time I went in. I cant seem to recall her name but she did a very good job. I was having some serious anxiety about having my first reading done and then also more anxiety about the things going on in my life. She took my hand and reassured me that no matter what the cards say its ok, she really made me feel at ease. I will be returning for many things from tarot to readings and crystals.
For a buffet they have a great selection and a lot of choices for food. Some items are better than others to be expected. I really like their sushi and the Mongolian BBQ station. Had some amazing dumplings and dim sum, however the prime rib was really dry and could not locate a knife through out the entire restaurant. The crab legs are a big hit. The crowd tonight was the 55+ snow birds and the place was pretty crowded, for a good price, i believe dinner was $12.50 I will be returning. A good place for kids too lots of choices from traditional to American. Also they have ice cream and soft serve.
Love these guys. Bought my Mac book here about a year ago, got a great price and a great product. I recommend all my friends and family here for all apple needs. Just went in today too needing a new power cord. The guy working tested it and gave me an honest answer about where to get a new one. Keep it up Orchard great customer service and product. Love supporting local business too!
I love my tanning salon. I have been coming to iBeach gilbert for over a year now and have not been disappointed, They are a little pricey but the 24hr convenience is well worth paying a little more. Staff has always been friendly. Members save on lotions and email list receives coupons and i only get maybe one email a month rather than everyday i like that
Similar problems as other reviewers, had a groupon for mani/pedi with hot stone and paraffin wax. I really hate when businesses treat you differently because you have a groupon. Me and my mother went in and both were bossed around about being late and not picking out colors quickly enough. When I sat down my water was so hot I couldn't put my feet in right away ( I like hot water, but it's winter I can't just plunge in) my tech comes over and pushes both my feet in! Guess I'm in. She starts on the pedicure and cut me a few times removing my cuticles. While she's doing that a gentleman comes over and slips the paraffin wax on my hands. The paraffin wax and hand massage felt good. My tech asks if I need callus remover, which at every other salon is $5, they charge $7 and didn't even do the entire bottom of my foot. When it comes time for my foot paraffin wax they slip the bag on my foot and I screamed because it was so hot. I tell her I'm in pain and she starts massaging the liquid around my foot so now my entire foot is burned! I should have called it quits then but my mom next to me wasn't complaining and I wanted her to enjoy. The hot towels were scorching and the stone massage lasted maybe 5 min. My manicure was also very clumpy and cloudy and started peeling off the next morning. Looked like all their polish was really old. I won't be returning. My plea to owners if you don't like people using groupon stop using groupon.
Everything I've had has been amazing! Especially fond of the Cinnamon Roll French Toast. It's literally a cinnamon roll sliced and fried like French toast. Omg. Steak and eggs was real good too. Can be a greasy spoon depending on what you get
Amazing food! The ocotillo chicken was to die for and would definitely get again. The service was prompt and attentive. Ambiance was fantastic. Definitely coming back :)
I can't believe I finally found a decent brunch place in Last Vegas!Essential elements for a decent brunch in Las Vegas:1. Open late. Check.2. Serves brunch late. Check.3. Biscuits and gravy. CHECK.4. Variety. Check.This place exceeded my expectations and I was super impressed by the offerings. I will definitely be back. Worth the wait!
Literally the worst place I've been in Vegas after two tries. My friends got roofied, the bouncers are absolutely horrid and don't let you go find your friends when you're a female by yourself, it's insanely crowded. I pride myself on still acting like a college kid but please take your money anywhere else
Brewer & Stratton Property Management is a full service Property Mangement Company and we would love the oppurtunity to help you in your search for a new property manager for your home! We have already spoke with owners who were with this company and are in the process of helping them out with great recovery deals! Call Matthew Smith NOW at 480-309-4109 or 480-907-5607! I look forward to working with you!
Came out to fix our a/c. Wasn't cooling the entire house. They changed filters and did maintenance and now our house is super cool! Great customer service and would definitely recommend to anyone!
This place is lit! Mr manager Josh hooked it UP with lots of helpful info, gave us some promos,  annnnd got us all set up on their mobile app. He's the man! Food was bomb and at a really cheap price. Food was ready super quick and all of the staff were very helpful! :)
My favorite place for sushi in Champaign. Lunch is my favorite time to go but the dinner selections are great too. We always order a variety of rolls. Anything with tuna is excellent. The rainbow roll is my favorite.
I used to love this location, but where did the tall day manager go? Since he has been gone this place seems like a huge mess! Lobby not clean & burnt pizza seems like no one paying attention! Whats going on!?
My bike's gear shifter died, totally, at the worst time away from my apartment.I had my cell, MetroCycleTO saved me a big headache, fixed it right away on the spot!You can't get mobile service like this anywhere else, well worth it.
Yuppie tile store.  Ridiculously overpriced tiles, disinterested staff and pretty weak layout.  Anyone dumb enough to pay $8-12/sq-ft for a porcelain tile deserves to get ripped off.  A slick website brought me in, but the prices sent me running for the door.Most places you can get the same tiles at 1/2 the price.
If it is hard to find, they carry it.Black cardamom podsKashmiri Chili powderAjwainCurry leavesI simply could not find these ingredients anywhere else.If you like high-end indian cooking spices, with a rich smokey flavour, you'll like this place.
This place was amazing! Seven of us went to dinner and Everyone loved their food. That is saying a lot considering we had 3 kids with us who all ate off the main menu. The chef and owner was cooking in the kitchen.
My family and I ate their yesterday and I tried 3 crayfish my mom had 1 and less than a few hours later I was vomiting almost to the point where I wanted to go to the hospital and my mother had sever stomach pains! NEVER AGAIN!
My boyfriend and I call ourselves regulars here now! The Sweetheart roll is the best thing I have ever put in my mouth! Never had anything bad or would not get again! Love it!
The dinner hibachi experience with Chef Dang was AMAZING! He was very funny and made the experience fun and interactive! Normally I hate fried rice but Chef Dang's was GREAT! I had to steal off of my boyfriends plate! Get the filet mignon rare you will not be disappointed! Will be requesting him from now on!

YWCAYWCAWi-Fi
1012
I'm generally very happy with the personal service I get from you. However, I wish you would do better with stain-treating the collars of my white pilot shirts please. Thank you.
I've been a loyal, frequent customer of yours for over a year. I loved my "GrahmDalf's" (pipe). Then, one day, Grahm Cracker was gone. You blamed the FDA. Then, the very next week, now Gandalf's Pipe is gone. And again, you blamed the FDA. This crap I bought from you yesterday that you call "Gandalf's" tastes TERRIBLE!!! I can assure you that I won't be buying any more of it. Sadly, I'm sure I will see Valor Vapor Kyrene boarded-up and closed very soon.  You are not reacting to the FDA's efforts to shut you down in a manner that will keep you alive. You should have at least SOMETHING that tastes good and sweet. But, I didn't like anything I tried. It was nice knowing you. Good luck, Alan, Hunter, Tyler. You three were always nice and always helpful.
The white chocolate raspberry cheesecake is a masterpiece.  Yes, this Thai restaurant has the best cheese cake I've ever tasted.
We decided to call Bryce and inquire about him being the DJ for our big day for a very special reason. After looking at a handful of services, it was clear that this isn't any DJ service. This is a man whose passionate about what he does and thats not simply pressing play on a stereo, its making sure every detail from the right songs, to the very perfect reception is handled with special care. From the initial phone call to the day of our big event, Bryce did everything he could and more to male sure that our wedding was flawless. With his expertise,  our ceremony had the perfect music to paint the picture thay we didnt have your ordinary wedding. And during tue reception, Bryce kept the atmosphere fun and the party rocking on until the very end! Working with Bryce was easy and we could not habe asked for a better DJ because I guaruntee that no one could have done a better job! if you're looking for a wedding DJ that can deliver than look no more cause you've found the one.
Jordan was good to go. Got us taken care of fast and was very knowledgeable. Had a broken iPhone screen and within a short amount of time it was replaced at a reasonable price.
Superb, even as take-out. Best Thai in Pittsburgh. I ordered take-away Kao Soy noodles,  vegetable 4 U, and chicken satay-- all were amazing. I highly recommend Nicky's!
Wow!! Owner Bryce Hansen, Chef Patrick and the entire Bistro crew knock it out of the park every single time! Simply the most amazing pastas, artistically prepared in every style imaginable: Arrabiata, Bolognese, Pomodoro, Marinara and more...all made-from-scratch secret sauces, deliciously moist and packed with flavor.  Cajun salmon, Shrimp Pomodoro, Steamed Clams and the absolute best steak filets on the planet. Everything consistently prepared and delivered from the decks of a unique, open-style kitchen with friendly, attentive service and warm, bistro ambiance. The twice-baked potato and rice pilaf are heavenly. Phenomenal house salad and toasty, fresh-baked baguettes worth a visit on their own.  And the new lunch menu rocks! If you haven't tried The Bistro you're in for a real treat...if you have, you already know;))
What a lovely find! Beautiful view overlooking the strip, with a a fantastic home style ambiance;)) Our first visit was memorable, shrimp fra diavolo for me, extra spicy with the addition of fresh spinach as requested...just beautiful! Husby had the homemade meaty lasagna and did not regret. Grilled romaine starter with bleu cheese was fabulous. What looks to be a rather lovely tiramisu to go....we will definitely be back, yummo!!
Wanted so badly to love King's but our meal was horrendous. Grilled artichoke app and salads (one field greens, one caesar) were ok, nothing special. The sourdough everyone raves about was wet-centered and doughy. Worst of all, the seared ahi was so riddled with muscle and sinew that I could not even eat it. Dunked two small bites into the bland ponzu sauce and that was the end of it. We boxed it up to bring home to our dog, but not sure even he will want it? It was that bad. I have never had ahi striped through and through with muscle and sinew, just unpalatable all the way around. Husby had the cioppino, did not care for the seafood nor the broth; too bland and watery. Sorry King's but you need to up your ahi game or take it off the menu. Rotten Mother's Day meal ugh.++++++++++++++++++++++++Edited 10 days following initial visit and one star rating post:Heard from GM Rodney yesterday, who apologized for our poor dining experience and agreed, that cut of ahi never should've made it to our table filleted. Normally, he explained, the muscly cuts are dissected in prep kitchen and the muscle removed, leaving the tender bits to be served as pok.  Rodney offered out a gift certificate so we can try King's again, this was kind, gracious and very much appreciated! Will have another go then and pray for a fab meal. Thank you King's Fish House for listening and responding to our concerns....have added two stars to my original review and will re evaluate 3 stars on our next visit;)
Great vibe inside or out on the very welcoming patio...and the most decadent Mocha Spice Latte ever! Husby chilled over an Iced Creme Brulee Latte while we shared the scrumptious vegan brownie, so moist and delicious. Friendly, fast, well-priced service. We will be back;))
Knowledgable, motivating trainers deliver a thorough, butt-kicking high-energy workout set to an awesome playlist! Bought 5 classes for $29.99 online special, which included free boxing gloves. Converted to regular membership following my first class. Friendly, fun and fierce; I Love Kickboxing rocks!!
Best new restaurant in Henderson and beyond, bar none. We've been enjoying Il Chianti for two months now, 7 visits in all, and every time the food, service and ambiance have been nothing short of impeccable. We met warm-hearted Chef Rudy Janeo on our first visit, he greeted us enthusiastically at the door, and checked in on us several times throughout our meal. This is one highly experienced top-notch Chef who is extremely passionate about his food and his guests, who truly desires to bring you the very best dining and entertainment experience. And it shows. Truly a one-of-a-kind extraordinary chef who serves each meal with kindness, laughter and genuine feeling, makes you feel a part of his family from the start. On our most recent visit two nights ago, live soft jazz was playing which set such a beautiful mood throughout our entire meal. Thank you Chef Rudy, we loved it!!We were greeted and seated immediately, and within two minutes had some of Chef's famous pillowy bread loaves with a balsamic and olive oil dipping sauce. These rolls are fresh, warm, flavorful and addictive, and are generously served throughout your meal. Now that we've had a chance to meander our way through the beautiful and lengthy menu, here are some of our repeat favorites:*Apps*Involtini di Michelle -- An extraordinary crispy-light lumpia, filled with fresh-crisp hot veggies and wrapped in butter lettuce with thai basil and an amazing sauce drizzle. Plus sweet chili and wasabi aioli for dipping. So delicious, we order this every single time, you should, too!Calamari & Onion Ring Fritti -- Fresh and light calamari and onion rings combined with a spicy marinara and just the right kick of jalapeo cream. Never greasy or heavy, just perfect!Burrata Caprese Salad -- New to the menu and therefore by request only, but if you love burrata (fresh mozzarella filled with fresh cream, gently aged to perfection), it's a definite must-order, with thick-sliced real tomatoes, red onion, capers and eggplant. *Mains*Linguine Fra Diavolo -- Succulent jumbo shrimp and basil leaves in a bold marinara sauce over fresh linguine pasta...I like to add a bit of fresh spinach and I could eat this every day all day long, it is that good!Lobster Ravioli with Blackened Shrimp -- OMG need i say more, this is an incredible dish full of love and character, beautifully prepared with asparagus and an amazing vodka tomato sauce finishLynn Pear & Cheese -- Most recently tried this popular specialty combining rock shrimp with homemade cheese and pear tortellini, the to-die-for vodka tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese baked atop. You can't go wrong with this one, it's compelling and creative and oh so delicious. Cioppino Alla Livornese -- Outstanding flavorful broth with abundant lobster, shrimp, scallops plus clams, mussels, salmon and more. Trust me, you're going to want extra bread to soak up all the delicious flavors!Hubby swears by the Chicken Scallopini, Veal Piccata, and Spaghetti Bolognese...best he's had, bar none. The Italian Sausage is large and in charge, two fat juicy links of wholesome Italian goodness. You really must save room for one or three of Chef Rudy's outstanding desserts, all lovingly prepared in-house. Lemoncello Gelato, Tiramisu and Crme Brle are must-have favorites, and new surprises are appearing all the time. Honestly, we've never had a better or more beautifully flavored Tiramisu, ever!Il Chianti is a small drive for us from Boulder City, but we would gladly drive twice as far to experience truly extraordinary Italian cuisine at its freshest and finest. Say hello to Chef Rudy whenever you visit, he'll be delighted to meet you!!
No kinks, all class. From the initial soft opening two months ago, my fifth visit to this European-styled gem confirms swift ascent into a consistent craft of ber hip culinary awesomeness. Succulent Dungeness crab cakes were generously portioned and impeccably prepared, nestled upon mixed micro greens with an off the hook sweet chile sauce...made in house, from scratch...and thus having the perfect juxtaposition of mildly spicy and subtly sweet flavors we immediately found addictive. Fresh salmon, pan seared to its exact moment of doneness, was perched upon a bed of sauted baby asparagus, artfully presented with an extraordinary, carrot orange pure and a creamy barnaise for succulent swirling. We found the Chilean sea bass equally compelling, with its tarragon-scented crushed new potatoes and crayfish beurre blanc. We capped our meal with the most richly flavored, and oh so creamy cappuccinos; the barista execution is definitely top drawer. Service was dynamic and flawless on a full house Friday night, with the dining room's floor-to-ceiling glass swung open to inviting, patio seating beyond. The owners have crafted an eclectic interior: an exposed wood beam ceiling framed by geometric black metalwork; a pair of enormous and stunning Art Deco paintings; center stage viewing kitchen and mesmerizing indigo lighting surrounding the bar (where we anticipate the addition of some unique craft cocktails, please;)) Altogether a welcome and much-needed addition to Boulder City's culinary offerings. Bravo, Scratch House!
At last, a combo Yoga Pilates studio in Boulder City!! It doesn't get any better than this...a beautiful, serene space with hardwood flooring, soft lighting and uplifting choreographed music. With an elevated instructor platform, even those in the back row have an always-excellent view. Instruction is split between Leah's Yoga and Miquel's Pilates classes, with something for every age and fitness level. You'll enjoy Yoga, plus energizing Yoga Pump and Pilates HIIT--which uses Tabata-inspired "High-Intensity Interval Training" to really get your blood flowing. Trust me, these ladies know their business! Every single inch of your body will be stretched and challenged in these creative, one-hour sessions...you'll leave feeling uplifted, energized, refreshed and accomplished!
i (thankfully!) found Liz doing a google search for Brazilian blowouts...though i was initially nervous as one might be with a new stylist, Liz immediately set my fears to rest with her extraordinary knowledge and professionalism. this was my first Brazilian blowout, and Liz totally transformed my previously unruly hair into a gorgeous silken mane...I LOVE IT!!! i have been back now for several Brazilians, each one as perfect and long-lasting as the first. though i had initially intended on just the Brazilian treatment, i was so impressed with Liz that i had her cut and style my hair too...best thing i ever did! Liz is a master stylist using only the most advanced cutting techniques...all her cuts are very up to date and absolutely on-trend. now i receive compliments on my hair everywhere i go, from complete strangers!  even my teenage daughter is hooked on Liz, and won't let anyone else touch her hair! if you are considering a new stylist, or maybe just a change, you absolutely must try Liz, i guarantee you will NOT be disappointed!!!
Absolutely LOVE that I can wake up in the morning and be out-the-door beautiful in minutes, all thanks to Theresa!!! She is hands down the best permanent makeup artist in the Las Vegas valley and beyond. Believe me I know, as I researched for many hours and consulted with several other purported "professionals" before finally (thankfully) choosing Theresa Garcia. During my initial consultation appointment (which was free) Theresa spent nearly an hour explaining the permanent makeup process, her carefully crafted, precision method (which she has honed over many, many years), the Made in USA water-based inks she uses (as opposed to cheaper/imported inks, which contain metals and can be damaging/unsightly), her professional artist background, and how she utilizes color theory to match one's own, unique coloring with the proper pigments required in order to bring about the desired finished effect. Theresa explained how important it is to also take into account one's own skin coloring, that rose pigment on a light-skinned person will look completely different on a darker skinned person. Also "warm" complexions and "cool" complexions must be accounted for when mixing inks. (Theresa, by the way, is one of the few artists who mixes her own inks; most others use inks straight from the tube. A definite no-no she says.) Theresa is the original inventor of the "3d eyebrow," which is the most natural-looking--NOT the hideous tattooed eyebrows of the past. Theresa's technique uses very soft, powder finish blending, with a few individual hair strokes for the most natural look--a look that only Theresa offers. My own brows are naturally full, so I was unsure whether I would benefit from enhancement. But after seeing Theresa's portfolio of work, I knew I was definitely "in"!!  Now that she has completed my brows, I don't know how I ever lived without them! It's true what they say, that your eyebrows frame your face, and even though I wasn't lacking hair volume, it was Theresa's expertly applied shaping and finishing that completed my amazing new look. All very natural, not harsh or overdone. But the difference is undeniable, very classy and polished (Thank You, Theresa!!).Besides the amazing brow work, I had upper eyeliner and lower lash "enhancement," which is a very thin "smudging" of color inside the lower lash line, so it doesn't look harsh or overdone. My lips, too, were perfectly enhanced, and Theresa spent a great deal of time perfecting the actual agreed-upon "shape" before beginning her work. (Theresa always draws on, or lets you draw on, and approve, any shape before actually beginning her work...this is after all your face, and she wants to be sure it's done right, exactly the way YOU want it.) Theresa does a "natural-blended lip line," NOT yesterday's too-harsh line that you sometimes still see people wearing. She also offers a "full, blended lip" which means the color is carried over the full lip for a very natural finished look. (Great for women in their 50's--like me--who have lost some lip color and definition over the years.)Theresa is well-known and highly regarded for the natural look she is famous for achieving. Theresa's clients are always beautifully enhanced, but NEVER garish, harsh, or crazy-looking.Theresa uses only the highest, medical-grade numbing cream, and gives it plenty of time to work before ever touching your face. This eliminates nearly 100% of any pain one might associate with permanent makeup application--if you have your work done by Theresa. Should you find yourself in another permanent makeup artist's chair, beware!!! Many are not authorized to use this medical grade numbing cream, and indeed I have heard plenty of horror stories of other Vegas tattoo artists using little or no numbing cream at all!! This is unacceptable in this day and age, and I would think twice before choosing an artist without the qualifications or concern for your comfort.Under Theresa's expert hand, your healing time is just 2-3 days, and there is never any scabbing or injury to your face. Theresa uses a fresh needle for each client and procedure, so there is ZERO worry of infection or contamination. Her prices are reasonable and her work is AWESOME!! (HELPFUL TIP: Ask about the 3 procedure discount--lips, eyes and brows all done at once--saves you a bundle!)
Amazing, inspiring workout with off the hook energy, I love it!! If you've never punched or kicked on the heavy bag, you need to come check this out! Do NOT be intimidated, this workout is for everyone and every ability. Even better, your first shot is always FREE! Total body workout with a strong emphasis on core. Super motivating pro instructors coach you every step of the way. Great camaraderie with a real "family" feel; so much better than ordinary gyms. Keeps you motivated and coming back. Make new friends and find your abs!! The facility and space are awesome, and the staff warm, welcoming and knowledgable. What're you waiting for, cmon just do it!!
Absolutely LOVE that I can wake up in the morning and be out-the-door beautiful in minutes, all thanks to Theresa!!! She is hands down the best permanent makeup artist in the Las Vegas valley and beyond. Believe me I know, as I researched for many hours and consulted with several other purported "professionals" before finally (thankfully) choosing Theresa Garcia. During my initial consultation appointment (which was free) Theresa spent nearly an hour explaining the permanent makeup process, her carefully crafted, precision method (which she has honed over many, many years), the Made in USA water-based inks she uses (as opposed to cheaper/imported inks, which contain metals and can be damaging/unsightly), her professional artist background, and how she utilizes color theory to match one's own, unique coloring with the proper pigments required in order to bring about the desired finished effect. Theresa explained how important it is to also take into account one's own skin coloring, that rose pigment on a light-skinned person will look completely different on a darker skinned person. Also "warm" complexions and "cool" complexions must be accounted for when mixing inks. (Theresa, by the way, is one of the few artists who mixes her own inks; most others use inks straight from the tube. A definite no-no she says.) Theresa is the original inventor of the "3d eyebrow," which is the most natural-looking--NOT the hideous tattooed eyebrows of the past. Theresa's technique uses very soft, powder finish blending, with a few individual hair strokes for the most natural look--a look that only Theresa offers. My own brows are naturally full, so I was unsure whether I would benefit from enhancement. But after seeing Theresa's portfolio of work, I knew I was definitely "in"!!  Now that she has completed my brows, I don't know how I ever lived without them! It's true what they say, that your eyebrows frame your face, and even though I wasn't lacking hair volume, it was Theresa's expertly applied shaping and finishing that completed my amazing new look. All very natural, not harsh or overdone. But the difference is undeniable, very classy and polished (Thank You, Theresa!!).Besides the amazing brow work, I had upper eyeliner and lower lash "enhancement," which is a very thin "smudging" of color inside the lower lash line, so it doesn't look harsh or overdone. My lips, too, were perfectly enhanced, and Theresa spent a great deal of time perfecting the actual agreed-upon "shape" before beginning her work. (Theresa always draws on, or lets you draw on, and approve, any shape before actually beginning her work...this is after all your face, and she wants to be sure it's done right, exactly the way YOU want it.) Theresa does a "natural-blended lip line," NOT yesterday's too-harsh line that you sometimes still see people wearing. She also offers a "full, blended lip" which means the color is carried over the full lip for a very natural finished look. (Great for women in their 50's--like me--who have lost some lip color and definition over the years.)Theresa is well-known and highly regarded for the natural look she is famous for achieving. Theresa's clients are always beautifully enhanced, but NEVER garish, harsh, or crazy-looking.Theresa uses only the highest, medical-grade numbing cream, and gives it plenty of time to work before ever touching your face. This eliminates nearly 100% of any pain one might associate with permanent makeup application--if you have your work done by Theresa. Should you find yourself in another permanent makeup artist's chair, beware!!! Many are not authorized to use this medical grade numbing cream, and indeed I have heard plenty of horror stories of other Vegas tattoo artists using little or no numbing cream at all!! This is unacceptable in this day and age, and I would think twice before choosing an artist without the qualifications or concern for your comfort.Under Theresa's expert hand, your healing time is just 2-3 days, and there is never any scabbing or injury to your face. Theresa uses a fresh needle for each client and procedure, so there is ZERO worry of infection or contamination. Her prices are reasonable and her work is AWESOME!! (HELPFUL TIP: Ask about the 3 procedure discount--lips, eyes and brows all done at once--saves you a bundle!)
Excellent, excellent, excellent!! Rob and his hard-working son Christopher just completed a wash and wax special at my home, and I am beyond thrilled with their work. Honest, reliable, well priced and fast; seriously, give this new business a shot, you will NOT be disappointed!
We've been loving on Todd's for years and last night was no exception. A flawless meal, start to finish, with top-notch attentive service from the entire staff. Chef Todd serves up the best Ahi in all of Vegas, beautifully rare and moistly flavorful nestled on a bed of wasabi mash, bam! Salmon was brilliant and perfectly done; spinach quinoa cranberry salad went to the next level with the addition of roasted butternut squash, addictive. Always a splendid wine list, something for all tastes and pocketbooks. Check out this neighborhood gem for a gourmet dining experience you'll treasure!
Our 2nd visit to Sushi Imagine, and we are still in love. Upon entering the sushi chefs and staff greeted us enthusiastically, as before. This is just one of those home-feeling joints where guests are always made to feel welcome. Our kudos to staff, thank you! Jalapeo bomb starter lived up to its name, bomb diggity! Husby had the miso soup, delicious though not extraordinary. Next, the highly-revered Hello Kitty--still our favorite. The Spider roll was delicious and the presentation gorgeous. However, we were disappointed to receive just 5 pieces rather than the 6 to 8 received in other rolls. The spider roll is one of the few soft shell crab items on the menu, and it is delicious. The Crazy Mexican--spicy tuna, jalapeo, cream cheese, avo, cilantro etc--had beautiful flavors, but we did not realize the tortilla wrapper until after receiving. We both agreed we would likely further  enjoy this combo w seaweed wrapper as opposed to tortilla. Husby was still hungry so we had shrimp and veg tempura, EXCELLENTLY done, and the dipping sauce flavorful. We had a coupon from our last wheel spin for a free large sake ($5.50 value) and it was very much appreciated. We will be back.
Was traveling to Charlotte and discovered this fantastic restaurant. Took the family to Saturday brunch, and was blown away by the service, atmosphere and most of all the food!  Don't miss the shrimp and grits!
Good beer selection, great sound system, lots of HD TV's to watch the games, friendly service, and I had a really good steak sandwich.But as usual, Nevada is a fuckhole for restaurants as they allow smoking, and this place is no different.  The stench of the cigarettes smoked prior and currently being smoked is offensive.  Problem with Nevada is that there isn't any place to get away from this, especially in Henderson which seems to cater to the smokers who loves to smokes while they eats.  I had to stay here on business for 3 days.4 stars if not for the stench.Hey Nevada, get with the FUCKING TIMES and quit letting people smoke like stacks in bars and restaurants.  It's disgusting.
I've been a Hilton Diamond member for many years, and Hampton Inns are at the low end of the Hilton portfolio...it goes Hilton, then Doubletree, then Hilton Garden Inn, and then Hampton.  This Hampton is comparable to all of the others...a clean room, a good bed, and good service from the staff.  There was an earwig on my shower curtain on day 1, but what the hell I realize this place is basically in the middle of a desert.  There are bound to be bugs, right?I rarely choose Hamptons unless I am on business and work requires me to choose a hotel close to where I am working, and this was no different.  The location here sucks if you are coming to Las Vegas for fun because you aren't in Vegas...the strip and downtown LASV are hellah distance away.  You can see it when you have a view, but you ain't anywhere close to it.  Restaurants and bars close by are typical of all of the small town Henderson places...video poker at the bar, burgers and fries, and the stench of smoke from the locals because Nevada still allows people to smoke like stacks in restaurants and bars.  Disgusting.Anyway, this Hampton is a good choice if you are working on a business trip somewhere within a mile or so.  Other than that, I wouldn't stay here because the location is just a hole.It's Henderson, not Las Vegas.
As a frequent business traveler, I have found the quality and consistency of service at the Hilton line of properties (Hilton, Doubletree, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton Inn) really is second to none in the hotel industry.  This newer HGI is no different.  Service and quality are completely up to the Hilton standard, with a friendly staff and modern rooms that are clean and spacious.  The location for this property is convenient to a lot of chain restaurants...if you want to drive or walk there is a Longhorn Steakhouse, Bahama Breeze, Red Lobster, Olive Garden, Smokey Bones, and Ditka's all within about a half a mile.  One of the most underrated aspects of the Hilton Garden Inn properties is their on-site bar and restaurants, and this HGI has a nice one as well.  The bar here is a good place to have a few beers or cocktails and get some dinner.  While the menu isn't extensive, there are selections of salads, soups, appetizers, sandwiches, a burger, pasta, and a NY Steak.  I had the steak that was cooked medium rare to perfection along with an appetizer of pan fried dumplings and as usual when I eat at an in-house HGI bar/restaurant the food was very good.  TV's are available for sports watching as well.All in all this HGI is a good choice if you are needing a hotel near the Pittsburgh airport.  I will be choosing it again when I travel there.
Good food, friendly service, and a great craft beer selection.But FUCK, only when I travel to Nevada do I get reminded how cigarette smoke in a bar/restaurant is just fucking ridiculously annoying and disgusting.  Walking in to this place, it's like walking into a cave...a really dark cave filled with the stench of thousands of smoked/currently being smoked cigarettes.  They probably keep the lighting dim to hide the catchers mitt  faces of the smokers who congregate around the bar.  Too bad that this is my biggest memory of this place, because they serve a mean burger with great tasting meat, toppings, and soft homemade bun.  They also have a really great beer selection, with many crafts to choose from on both tap and in a bottle.  And the service is great, with friendly bartenders who aren't bad on the eyes (at least from what I could see in the darkness).Overall, if you have to be in Henderson NV like I was for work, then this isn't a bad spot that you can walk to from the Hampton Inn across the street and a block down or so.  And in all fairness, all of the little bar/restaurants like this in the area are full of the smokers looking for an acceptable place to go so they can smokes while they eats, which is what they likes to do.Would be four stars plus if not for the stench.
HORRIBLE service. The hostess was rude when my friend and I walked up to get seated. She just stared at us for 10 seconds and then asked "can I help you?". Um, yeah. Seat us. Once we sat down our waitress came over fairly quickly but it was all down hill from there. It took forever to get our order taken, when we asked for chips and salsa the waitress looked at me like I was asking for a pony wearing a crown. We ordered the steak nachos, no pico and sour cream on the side. When the nachos arrived there was no sour cream, no plates and no silverware. When we got the waitresses attention to let her know the sour cream was missing she looked around the table like we were HIDING it asking "oh you didn't get it?". Seriously? 20 minutes later we got all the aforementioned items but it was too late to salvage any part of this dining experience. The nachos was mediocre at best. Service was horrible. Unless you are starving, go somewhere else.
This place was great! Went here with my family on a Wednesday night.Best way to describe it - old school Italian. The best thing ever rolls in garlic & butterTable had fried zucchini as an appetizer and it was excellent. Had the potato & bacon soup. Amazing Had the fettuccine & meatballs. Sauce and pasta was also amazing. Meatballs were good.Parents had the veal and fettuccine Alfredo and they loved it.Place served amazing food and the portions are HUGE.Eat here if you have an opportunity.
Was a complete walk-in, first time user of this place and I was pleasantly surprised at how great everything was. I googled eyebrow wax and the place came up close to me as I was driving from mall while visiting PA from Florida. Walked in and the reception area was spotless and the receptionist/greeter was beyond friendly and gave me rundown of available services and even took the time to let me know where other centers were close to me in FL.  Emily did an awesome job on my eyebrows and the room was very clean, tools sanitized, everything was top notch. Even though I'm not a local, this place has 100% gained my future business and will be telling everyone about what a great experience. Usually get my eyebrows done at nail salons and this was such a better experience for just a few dollars more.Thanks again!
Went here with my family (5 of us) for dinner. We had the following and it was awesome!Cajun Pene - delicious and creamy - huge portion.NY Strip- glaze was delicious Shrimp & Scallops - step dad loved it.  Scallops were cooked perfect. Chilean Sea Bass - large portion and good flavor.  Could be a little more well done.Pork Chop- good size and nice flavor.The desserts are homemade and five star. We had the chocolate truffle torte, Apple crisp and warm banana bread and ice cream.Our server was  Dee and she was awesome. Knowledgeable and cool.The building is a little rustic and is obviously a home turned into a restaurant.  All the quirks add to the charm.Really great for family dinner, dates and any other function.
This place is so wonderful!First always order the chicken and dumpling soup because no one does it better in the city. Thick, rich and flavorful. The fried chicken is so amazing. Every side they offer is so delicious. Corn and greens are amazing.I've eaten here 5x and have yet to be disappointed.  Ps. The portions are large!Just a heads up... everything is cooked to order so you'll be there a solid 40+ minutes.Take your time, enjoy the music, family style ambiance and you will not be disappointed with this restaurant.
I signed up with Sid 3 weeks ago and am already beyond excited with my results! He is an extremely knowledgable personal trainer, and there is no denying that his methods work! Even my friends and family are saying that they can see a difference in how I look! I can honestly say that signing up with Sid is a decision that you will not regret!
Just had my nails done by Joanne... I got the pink and white gel and couldn't be any more happy with how they turned out. She did a fantastic job! I would highly recommend this nail salon to anyone.
I will keep this very simple... if you live in Vegas and are ever in need of anything auto related this is the ONLY place you should ever consider going to! Nick and Maria went ABOVE AND BEYOND when helping me after an accident I was recently involved in. They were EXTREMELY professional and I couldn't be any happier with their honestly as well as the quality of service I received!
I am a Las Vegas local, and this is personally one of my favorite places for any meal of the day, especially if you get a table on the outside patio! It is directly across the street from the Bellagio fountains, which is such an amazing bonus to get to see while you eat. I've also always had amazing service ever time I go there. The last time I went Kate and Jose provided my boyfriend and I with exceptional service! We had the seafood platter and the lamb, and the lamb was absolutely out of this world! I highly recommend Mon Ami Gabi for an enjoyable and memorable Las Vegas Dining experience!
I am a Las Vegas local, and just had lunch at Lago at the Bellagio hotel for the first time this past weekend. All I can say is that I was absolutely BLOWN AWAY by this place! The view, the food, and the service were all top notch in my opinion! The outside patio isn't very big, so I am assuming there might be a bit of a wait in the evenings, but I can assure you it would absolutely be worth it for the view that you will get of the fountains while you eat! Monique was my server, and I could not have been any more impressed by how knowledgable she was of the menu. She was also super sweet and personable and provided top quality service. Even Gerti, the assistant manager, came over to see how everything was going. That was very classy in my opinion. And he was also extremely friendly and personable. It's safe to say I have a new favorite dining place here in Vegas, and am looking forward to taking my mom here when she comes to visit next week.
I Love Robin at Epoca, she's been my stylist for about 3 years now and never disappoints. She always takes the time to listen to me and the end results are fantastic. I've had very short and now i've grown it out and she's amazing at getting the exact look i'm going for. I've never had to wait and am always able to book in no problem.
I've been to this place a few times, had a couple pedicures, shellac manicures, and waxing. I do NOT recommend this place for waxing. The girl ripped my skin on my arms. They didn't use a wax pot but some sort of roller waxer which hurt way more. The last pedicure I had was painful. I had shellac and it wasn't done well. I find the staff generally rude and there is usually a long wait time. It's not the cleanest place either, dust and dirt everywhere. I won't return.
Love Star Nails, prices are great, it's extremely clean and I rarely have to wait. I recommend to all my friends.
Up here in Pineville for work and had to come visit this place. Very authentic German cuisine. They are closed on Mondays. The atmosphere is nice. The beer is even better. If you're ever up this way, this is a must visit for Authentic German did.
I was visiting Tempe with a friend and reading the good reviews for this place, decided to try it out. The sweet potato chips were weird. It was like shaved sweet potato that was deep fried and dosed with salt and pepper. It was pretty greasy and looked like they had been in the fryer for a few minutes too long. The breakfast burrito likewise looked saturated with oil like it had been deep fried. I ordered the honey crepe and it was burnt. The crepe itself was relatively thick and the nuts were also burnt. I don't know if they recently got a new chef but I think you can see a trend in the food we got. Their iced tea was really good though! As an added plus, you get free refills on the iced tea.
Great barbeque joint. I really love their pork and sausages. For sides, their fried okra is pretty good! They usually fry them upon ordering so although you have to wait a bit to get them, they're hot and crispy when you get them.
My fiance and I went on valentines day. We're students and although it was expensive (40 for two starters, 2 mains, 2 rice and a naan) it was definitely worth it! The plates are cool, and the juice glasses (wine wasn't in our budget unfortunately). There was a great choice of dishes on the menu - we both found it difficult to decide. Service could not be faulted. Got Ferrero Roche and After Eights with the bill, and a rose, but only because it was Valentines!Really loved it and would recommend anyone to go!
Alex and his team delivered one of the best Las Vegas experiences. He planned every single event so all we had to do was show up. We had limo's pick us up at the airport. We had VIP access to all the clubs. We had front row tables. The whole SHA-BANG! The experience was unforgettable. Look no further if you need a Vegas host. Alex and his team will make sure you are taken care of from start to finish. Thanks again Alex!
While the burritos are ok on all my visits they're definitely not great. A lot of reviewers point to serving size as the reason for their good food review, but I feel like the quality and taste of all ingredients could be better. Pretty terrible customer service, you feel like a supplicant on their doorstep trying to order.
I was craving some ribs and did a quick Yelp search. This place was a little bit hard to find because of the one way street but totally worth it. I got the ribs and they were absolutely delicious. Thick-cut fries were good too.Run by the owners. I've never had another man look me straight in the eye and tell me he's going to "put the south in [my] mouth" but I'll put that aside because of how good the food was lol.
Had some tacos. Shrimp, fish, and carnitas. The Carnitas Taco barely had any meat on it and nothing else aside from that. It was actually the best tasting one. The shrimp taco was packed full of shrimp but wasn't very flavorful. The fish taco was that times 3. A ton of fish. No flavor. It's too bad, I really was hoping for some delicious shrimp tacos. the Saving Grace was the waitress. She was very attentive and very nice.
I don't really like the chicken but friends wanted to go to this restaurant, so I ordered a roast beef sandwich. It was a mash of beef scraps, not fit for my dog.  They have a really good food stylist, the picture looked delicious. Very disappointing.
I have no idea what people are talking about... So far the past two times I have eaten here, it's been great! The employees here are always so kind. I received my food in a timely fashion, less then 15 minutes, and it tasted spectacular! I've had the Shrooms Burger and Margarita Pizza so far and highly recommend it. I also love ordering their tropical green tea. Thank you Modern Grove, I'll be back.
Pleasantly surprised, my girlfriend and I both ordered the Teriyaki Chicken Bowl ( 1 white rice and the other brown ) and it was different than your average bowl. It wasn't drenched in super sweet teriyaki sauce and it was made with yummy sticky rice along with fresh veggies & chicken. As for customer service, the gentlemen kindly greeted us and got our orders. A lady from the back came and gave us our food and was very personable.I recommend this place for some good lunch eats!
The freshly squeezed OJ is killer, friendly service, and food was awesome! I drive by here all the time and didn't notice it, my new favorite breakfast place in town!
Highly recommend checking this place out!  Tuck Shop was recommended to us by a friend while we were visiting Montreal - and we are so glad we went.  The food was amazing, the service superb - and as an added bonus, the entire background soundtrack was The Beatles.  My wife had the octopus and salmon.  I had the braised pork and sea scallops (fish of the day).  All were amazing (my wife and I were eating off of each others dishes).  Go!
Wynn is slipping.  Used to love this place.  Food  at 5 of the restaurants has really dropped off in quality.  Just spent 7 nights.  3500 in room and food with 7000 in gambling losses.   They comped me 350 bucks.   I won't come back.  They suck.   Shitty casino host as well. Jenny should be working in housekeeping.
We had a nice meal. ...The ambiance is typical dinner.  ...The menu lots of choices.  ...Our favorite  is $22 for 2 persons. ... pick one appetizer and 2 main dish with side dishes.  ...Kids menu is also good. ... my son favorite  is grilled cheese sandwich  Or the mini burger. ...Food  and customer service  are good. ... We always have a nice meal. ...
We love the burger here before we go see the movie. ...We like the outside ambiance. Of course if the weather is good. ...There palm trees and huge fire place at the court. ...Especially today there a live band celebrating st. Patrick's day.  ...The customer service and price are good as well.  ...We always have a nice dinner here. ...
This place is good for those people who loves comfort food. ... the food taste like home cook. ...yummy.  ... place feel like a dinner. ... huge and clean. ...Price is about $12-15 or more plus drinks per person.  ... My son love kids  meal menu lots to choose from.  ...Customer service is good. ...We enjoy having dinner here. ...
The Academy has always had a great atmosphere, the perfect old school neighborhood bar. I had not eaten there in awhile, but in the past month I have dined there twice and the food each time has been amazing - so good that you keep thinking about what you had (AM flatbread, falafel burger) and wanting to go back again. Plus last night they had someone playing the piano throughout the evening. We had guests from out of town and they loved it too!
First Yelp review from an avid Yelp user.  I've been waiting for a place that really struck me to post my first restaurant review.  I live in Yelp-central (Chicago, IL) and I decided to make my first post about a Thai place tucked into a non-descript strip mall in Mesa, AZ.This is not a buffet.  Come to Thai Buffet expecting to sit in someone's kitchen and be served fresh Thai small plates until you tell the owner/chef that you cannot eat anymore.  Everything is great.  Just tell her to bring what she feels like cooking.They start you with a soup.  Her son (my waiter) recommended the chicken (versus beef).  The fist spoonful of soup sets the table for what will end up being one incredible meal, and certainly the best value you'll ever get anywhere, anytime.  I didn't get to try any of the American stuff... but my waiter said his mom made him a Philly cheesesteak recently that he was dipping in the red curry.  Sounded incredible.  I was way too stuffed to try it at that point, but I will next time I'm in town.I'd recommend people go soon.  The reviews don't lie.  And this place will be swarming with mobs really soon.  If this place was in Chicago, she'd have expanded by now.  Or at least raised the price from $7.50 to $9.00.
Food was amazing and the portion is a good size. Definitely filling. The service was also really friendly and quick.
Ive been here twice now for tires and I love this place. These guys are as quick and efficient as it comes. They have the best prices that I have been able to find in the area. Getting through on the phone proves a bit difficult but other than that they are the best. Youre in and out in 10-15 minutes. Its like getting your tires changed by a professional pit crew. Highly recommended!
Just moved to lawerenceville and decided to give Alfred's a try. I was not disappointed. I was weary at first if a 6" sando would be enough but the sandwiches here are no joke. I love Italian sandwiches so I went with the downing. Tons of delicious thick sliced meat. So much I could barely fit the thing in my big mouth. I will be back here again and definitely would recommend it to anyone.
Wow! What a meal. We received a gift card to this restaurant for our wedding. It took a while to get a reservation so plan in advance. In a sketchy neighborhood, but its on the main street so plan to use their valet parking. Well worth the $6. Excellent friendly service. The food here is top notch, bring your appetite. We started with the delicious breads that came with many dips and spreads. I was a big fan of the goat cheese. For an appetizer we went with the meatball. The meatball itself was about the size of a softball and very delicious. The sauce on the appetizer was among the best I,ve ever tasted, right up there with the homemade sauces my Italian grandmother used to make. For the main course my wife had the mahi-mahi which she found to be delicious and I went with their signature veal chop. The style I chose for the veal chop was the sausage and peppers and the sausage was also amazing. The chop itself was to die for and looked like something right out of the Flintstones. Very tender and cooked exactly how I wanted it. For dessert we asked for the cheesecake but got tiramisu instead, but this mistake turned out to be a good one because the tiramisu was amazing. It is a non traditional style tiramisu with shaved almonds. Very delicious. Overall this was a fantastic dinner out for my wife and I and a very appreciated wedding gift. The total bill was quite pricey including the wine we had but if you want a special night out you will not be disappointed with Alla Famiglia!
Gaucho Parrilla did not disappoint. I had high hopes after reading all the five star reviews and it met them. I had the carne sandwich with rare fillet. It was so flavorful. The smoked taste of the meat combined with the sweetness of the caramelized onion and the roasted red pepper was a perfect blend. The chewy bread adds a nice texture too. I added a side of horseradish for a nice kick. The owner was working and was so friendly to everyone. Overall this was a great experience and I can not wait to return. Give this place a try and you too will see that it deserves the hype.
I was in Pittsburgh for my girlfriends birthday and wanted to take her out somewhere nice. After doing some research I came across Eleven and made reservations. I couldn't have been happier with the experience.I made the reservation on open table and noted that it was her birthday and requested any seating with a nice view or other differentiator if they had it. We walked in and were promptly seated in a nice private booth that overlooked the downstairs bar. Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgable. He checked on us often, but not too often. I also appreciated that he mentioned my girlfriends birthday without bringing out the waitstaff to sing or any other annoying show.The food was excellent as well. They brought around breads, and the salt focaccia was delicious. I had the beef tenderloin and she had the roasted chicken. The beef was great and the fingerling potatoes that came with it may be the best potatoes I've ever had. I had a few bites of her chicken as well and it was equally as good. For desert we had the chocolate peanut butter candy bar and it was amazing. They even went out of their way and wrote happy birthday on a separate piece of chocolate for my girlfriend.Overall eleven was a great experience and I would certainly recommend it to anyone. A class act staff and delicious food.
Went to Tender this past Friday. The location is good, right in the heart of Lawrenceville, but parking could be an issue depending on when you visit. I was fortunately able to find a spot on Butler St. I had made a reservation and recommend you do the same. The space inside the restaurant is very small and I only saw about 12 tables, mostly 2 tops. The service at this restaurant is top notch! Super friendly and attentive without being overly attentive. At first glance I thought the menu was limited and very basic, but the overall quality and flavor of the dishes proved to me that sticking to what you excel at is a good idea. We started out with the potato skins appetizer. Although I was expecting more than just the potatoes with chives and a dipping sauce, the flavor and texture were great. She had the burger and I had the NY Strip. The burger had the best flavors of any burger ever. The server said the secret "pub sauce" gives it its unique flavor. It was amazing. The NY Strip had excellent flavor as well. It was cooked perfectly rare as I had requested. The steak came with some fingerling potatoes and an eggplant medley which when paired with the steak created the most unique and flavorful combination. I loved it. The beer and cocktail selections are good too. We were too full for desert. Overall this was a great experience. When I first saw the basic menu, I was a bit disappointed, but once I received my food and tasted the quality and flavorful execution I was won over. The service was top notch. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone, and I will certainly plan to return.
JC and Moe helped us move within our apartment building last weekend. JC provided me an online quote and invoice and after speaking with him on the phone we agreed to a time to start the move. They showed up on time and ready to get to work. They showed our possessions the utmost respect and got the job done. They were pleasant and funny along with professional. I would highly recommend them to anyone. Culmer Moving and Labor Solutions is a class act.
I live in the building above Senti and wanted to give it a try. My girlfriend and I figured we could walk in this past Saturday night around 7pm but they were booked solid. We were offered the lounge area but fortunately there was a cancellation and we were shown to a table. The service was friendly and prompt. The first thing to come out was some bread. It was a salted focaccia with rosemary and it was amazing. Some of the best bread I've ever had. We both had wines which were good to start off the meal. From there we went straight into entrees. She had the salmon which was breaded, and she said it was excellent. I don't even eat seafood, and the bite I tried was very tasty. I went with the ribeye which was a special that night. It was a pan cooked steak but it was excellent as well. Had a great flavor and was cooked right. The side with the steak was a salad which was just OK, but overall I was very satisfied with both my wine and steak. The atmosphere in Senti was also very nice and modern. The crowd was on the older side but the place had a good vibe. Senti is definitely a great asset to the neighborhood and I'm sure I'll be back again.
I grew up near Pittsburgh and remember eating Primantis as a kid. I always hated the fries on my sandwich but learned to love it. I recommend the Salami, Angus Cheesesteak, Capicola, and even the Burgher Cheesesteak. A true Pittsburgh staple.
I used Safelite to replace my cracked windshield prior to getting a PA safety inspection. I shopped around and honestly wasn't considering Safelite since I thought they would have the highest price. When I received my quote I was surprised that Safelite was the best price, even when compared against all the local guys. After receiving my quote I scheduled my appointment online several weeks in advance since I knew when I had to get my inspection. It was as easy as it gets. Safelite has done a great job embracing technology to make everything as self serve as possible. I could easily pick my location, time slot, day etc from their scheduling page. I was also able to easily update my contact info the day before my appointment to a new phone number. They sent confirmation texts and also a text when the tech was on his way that even had his picture. When the technician arrived he was on time, friendly, and professional. He introduced himself, explained the process to me, and got to work. An hour or so later the doorbell rang. The tech was done. He explained the work to me in detail, provided me some instructions on how to handle my vehicle for the next hours and days and provided an informational brochure along with my receipt. The tech was able to accept my credit card with his mobile device and print a receipt from his truck. I am very pleased with this experience from beginning to end. It required minimal effort on my part and I got a quality repair done to my car. The convenience of having the job done at my residence at a time that worked for me was a great part of this experience. I would highly recommend you check out Safelite for any auto glass repair. This is the second time I have used them and the work they have done has been great each time. Being able to use technology to minimize my involvement in the process and having the technician come to my really made this experience stand out. Great job Safelite!
This place is within walking distance to my house, and Im glad to finally have a neighborhood church Im down with. This is a great one of a kind concept and is a brew pub set up in an old church. The service was prompt and we were seated right away. Im an IPA lover, and theirs is one of the smoothest IPA's I've ever had. We started off the meal with the regular pierogies appetizer. They were delicious. Kind of reminded me of a good quality tortilla the way the dough was crispy on the tops and topped with onions and sour cream. For my main course I had the buffalo meatloaf, and it was hands down the best meatloaf I've ever had. The meat was robust and flavorful and I don't know how they did it, but it seemed to have a grilled crust on the outside of each piece. It was amazing. The mashed potatoes were a bit strange in their texture, almost like grits, but still very good. The gravy was excellent as well. I highly recommend church brew works and will definitely be back here again especially since its right up the street!
Avoid Dr. Rudy, ND.  Had a few situations where he disrespected me, that make his usual professional approach seem like puffery.
The food here is pretty good but not the greatest Indian food I have ever had. It has a nice lunch buffet setup if you are new to these dishes and want a sampling of most common dishes. I suppose for a buffet you cannot expect much for service, but at the same time there is not a whole lot you need them to do... Drink orders, clear plates, extra napkins. I agree with other posts that service here is not stellar. The seating here is very tight. If coming with a party larger than 4, recommend a reservation. We came today with 4 adults and 2 small kids and were crammed into a small corner booth. Granted it was at the height of the buffet hours. Would have been manageable if our waiter was more attentive to clearing plates off the small table. Today just reminded me why I like India Palace much better.
So excited to have a ramen place in the NW. We have been back a few times. Pros: good portion sizes, friendly service, great tasting ramen, clean interior, cool that they have outlets to charge your phone Cons: prices are a little steep, no options for kids' portions or pricing, no delivery yetAll in all, a good experience at this place and a nice option for ramen if we don't feel like heading to Chinatown.
Enrolled two kids for their summer session. First impression: Felicia is the office manager and extremely rude and lacking of any customer service skills. Previous reviews are absolutely correct with others who have had similar experiences. I have never been so rudely spoken to when merely trying to ask questions about their convoluted and rigid policies just to enroll in a recreational class. The other employees running the desk are not well-versed in much. Every other task that is asked needs them to run in the back office for help or they have no answer. The gym itself is well-equipped and impressive. The coaches are excellent and expect discipline from the kids without compromising having fun. From observing the children in the more advanced classes, it's clear this gym offers excellent training. It seems to be a great program.They lose stars from our family until they know how to treat paying parents with a bit of respect and good customer service.
Kim was an amazing dance instructor. We took lessons from her in 2008 for our wedding. Our major challenge was a huge difference between my hubby's dance expertise and mine. I am not an expert by far but have had more training than he had. I wanted our first dance to be enjoyable for both of us and pleasant for our guests. At the end of our experience, my husband felt more confident, our guests were amazed at our dance, and we have a great memory from our reception.After all the stress of wedding planning, taking these lessons with Kim was the best part of preparing for the wedding as a couple. We had so much fun and really looked forward to each upcoming lesson. Kim is patient and creative. She always has a smile and is full of energy. The studio space was great with hardwood floors and walls lined with mirrors so you could see how you were performing.This was the best money we spent on any vendor and I highly recommend it to any couple with impending nuptuals.
We came here for lunch as a family with young kids the other day based on the recommendation of some friends that this is a fun place for the children. Seemed a little odd to me, but hey, why not?Parking is available via the Flamingo Hotel and Vegas locals can still park for free for 24 hours. Yay!  It's a bit of a walk to the restaurant, through the casino from the parking garage to Margaritaville. We were able to be seated pretty quickly since the restaurant wasn't too busy for the lunch service. Our server was Susanna. She came by and plopped some menus on the table. Literally, a few minutes later, she came back and asked if we had drink orders ready. Since we barely had time to pick up the menu to look at it, we asked that she come back in a few. She walked away for one minute and then came right back. So we rushed to give her some drink orders. As we sat there trying to check out the kids menu and the regular menu, she appears again. This time she seemed rush to take our food order. If you have young kids, you know it requires a bit of patience to get everyone situated. Most of the party had decided on what to eat, but my young daughter still hadn't. So we started giving her the orders. Susanna seemed like we were wasting her time because she had to pause for 30 seconds while my daughter finally came to a decision. I'm not really sure why there was such a rush when the whole place wasn't that busy. But we were made to feel like we were inconveniencing her. Needless to say, our service experience was pretty crappy. Even after having a chat with the manager, not much changed.There is not separate menu for lunch, which means the prices amount to the high Strip prices for dinner. At least there is a kids menu. An entree will run you from $15-20. The food really wasn't that fabulous for the prices. Pretty average. We had the crab/artichoke dip which was tasty. Fish and chips were average. Jr. Cheeseburger pretty large for a kid. Crab cakes tasted like they were frozen and pretty mushy. If anything, you're paying for the atmosphere of this place. It looked like there was a large stage in the dining area for live music, which was not utilized during the lunch service. The music is playing so loud inside the restaurant that it's hard to have a conversation with anyone at your table. So if you're looking for a place to drink cocktails and party, this might be a better fit. If you're looking for a good meal, this probably isn't the place, at least based on our experience.
Love it here. I am always a bit apprehensive when taking my kids to the dentist because I want them to have positive thoughts about dental cleanings. The facility is fun and filled with things to distract the kids like toys, ipads, and tv on the ceiling while laying back for the cleaning. The staff is great in relating to my kids and getting them to relax. Dr Laurie is sweet yet knowledgeable. Overall, a wonderful practice and I am relieved as a parent to see my kids developing a positive attitude about dental visits.
After being a parent at this school for 5 years between 2 children, we had to pull my daughter out of the kindergarten program. The teacher whom is new to teaching this grade level has a style that doesn't seem to follow the philosophical mantra set forth by the school. After multiple attempts to bring our concerns to the chain of command, it seems that my daughter's overall progress was less of a concern than this new teacher. This is where all faith in their program falls apart. The teacher has been restricting what my child is allowed to eat from her lunch packed by us. She comes home famished because only half of her lunch is eaten. She's told us she wasn't allowed to drink anything but water. In addition, we paid for school fundraiser lunches which she was only allowed to eat part of due to this teacher. I'm sorry but if a school cannot even ensure that their own teachers follow the policy of the school, then how can we trust them? In our minds, this crosses the line. If a teacher feels we don't pack a healthy lunch, then it's not her job to restrict the child, but instead speak to the parents.More importantly, this kindergarten curriculum is strong on common core. I am not paying for a private school to get this curriculum. My child was clearly regressing this year and not one time was it brought up to us as parents. They have taken away many of the free thinking and creative aspects of the kids' day. Art is merely cutting shapes. Zero toys in the room. The kids are given worksheet after worksheet to do each day. My child comes home too exhausted to even try doing homework. To be fair, other than this particular classroom, the school has been wonderful for the preschool levels. All the other teachers are warm and nurturing and worthy of trust from parents. The other classes have embraced a healthy balance of work and fun time without sacrificing learning. This is why we chose to finish kindergarten at this school. However in their desperation to fill a position 2 weeks before the school year, they forgot to find someone who understands that these are five year olds and not robots.
Came here with the family. We were seated fairly quickly, but the lines can get longer in the busy dinner rush.Service was great. A bit loud from music inside. Had the street tacos- only 4 small ones, more like an appetizer. Super yummy.Kids shared a bacon mac n cheese burger which was huge and delicious. Definitely try the Trashcan nachos. Great presentation and really packed with flavor. We all shared the mint chocolate chip oreo pie. Also huge but tasty and sweet. Overall, loved the place and not too shabby for the kids.
I scheduled an appointment here after a friend's recommendation. After multiple disappointing hair experiences by the salons in the northwest part of town, I figured it was worth checking out this one. I came in for a cut and color. The decor in the salon is beautiful. The place is huge yet welcoming. It has a very trendy and artsy vibe that I liked. The whole experience was wonderful. I felt like I was truly being pampered like a princess. My hair turned out great. My stylist was clearly meticulous and listened to every detail I asked for while not being shy on giving recommendations for what he thought would work best for me. It is always a tough balance to find someone that can do both, but he more than exceeded my expectations. I have found my new salon! So thrilled.
Love this place for a quick dozen donuts in the morning. My favorite are the ham and cheese croissants.
We wanted to get some Indian food but did not feel like trekking out to the center of town so we came here. This was not our first time here, but this trip was excellent. The service was on point! Very attentive without being overbearing. Well-timed refills on water glasses. Most of all, sincere friendly attitudes from everyone there.The food was great. Perfect size on portions. Great flavor. We ordered butter chicken, chicken korma, and Chana masala. Also gotta have garlic naan. The sweet lassi was delicious, one of the best in town because it was thick and not watered down. Only negative was the pistachio kulfi for dessert was a little too icy, but still yummy.We had a great experience here and definitely recommend this place.
As a Cali native, I was so excited for thislocation to open in Summerlin. This restaurant is a great addition to the area. Service is great. Food is just as you would expect from CPK. My faves are the italian chopped salad. The half portion is a meal in it of itself. My favorite pizza is the bbq chicken...mmm. Also very kid-friendly place.
Even the manager of the reservations line could not rectify not making my reservation properly. Why do you need to talk to them only to be patched thru to the restaurant which never picks up the phone? Then you lose the reservation time you wanted because it takes 4 more calls to get thru. Stupidity and no loyalty to locals. Maybe the Vegas economy would be better if this town knew the meaning of customer service and especially to their locals who might actually return regularly and make recommendations to people who visit here on where they should go. I certainly won't ever recommend the customer service skills of ANY Ceasars  property until they fix their service issues!
Love the food here. Pretty authentic and they serve all the things I like to get when out for dim sum. Service remains true to most dim sum places.., you need to be aggressive and shout out what you want to get attention. The waiters do not check on you unless you speak up. Today we came late, around 2pm. Only two carts circling. Basically had to order what we wanted but had trouble finding our waiter to do so. No refilling our water glasses. So they lose a star for service today. The food was still good and satisfying.
When this place opened in the neighborhood, I was so excited to have a different breakfast spot nearby. Then we tried it. I was less than impressed. You order at the counter but go wait at the table for your food to be delivered. They serve it on paper plates with plastic utensils. If the waffles are crispy, this is tough to use with ease. The waffles were ok with plenty of options for toppings. They also serve boba drinks which is a huge plus in this part of town. They are on the right track, but for the price point, it needs to step up the presentation a bit.
I love this place. Every item on the menu is divine. They have a great selection of wines. The pasta is homemade and you can taste the difference. They always have a good set of specials to choose from. Tonight I chose the grilled pork chop which was hearty and perfectly moist. Definitely try the baked Brie appetizer which is served with apples baguettes and filled with gooey cheese and carmelized onions. The ambience is wonderful, could be pretty romantic if that's what you are looking for. I usually go in a group and they have always accommodated my party with excellent service. Make sure to save room for dessert because they have a huge selection.
Tried this place for our first time after a friend recommended it. We had an awesome experience. Tried the Artesian meat and cheese platter. Excellent. Had the beet salad which was good but a little more salad than beets. It was huge too. Next I had the tagliatelle with bolognese sauce which was delicious. The pasta was fresh and homemade and you could taste the difference in a positive way. My hubby had the filet with gorgonzola sauce and the meat was cooked to perfection and very tender. Did not even need a steak knife to slice it. Had the tiramisu for dessert. The portion was perfect and very yummy. In addition, the service was excellent and the owner took the time to go around speaking to each table. Very nice touch. Ambience was semi-casual, kinda romantic place with the mood lighting. Nice wine selection too. We will definitely be coming back in the future.
Stopped here to see if this could be a decent dim sum place in Summerlin. They have indoor and outdoor seating options. The food was above average. They have one cart rolling around with a few dim sum options. We also ordered a few dishes from the main menu. Good size portions, enough to share family style. Disappointed that our potstickers came to the table cold in the middle. The chef should probably be more careful not to serve rare pork! That really ruined it for us, especially since it took so long to get that item to the table (they served it last at the end of meal). Also the place did not seem too set up for young kids. All breakable plates and glasses were given to my toddlers. Given the family setting of Downtown Summerlin, you would think they would cater to the clientele better.
A quaint little cafe in the area. Service was excellent. Super friendly and helpful waitress. We had the Cubano sandwich, grilled steak tacos and kids pizzas. Also started with the spinach dip with pita. The dip was the best I have had in a long time. Even my kids ate it despite the spinach! The pizza was awesome with good quality cheese spread heavily over it. The tacos had so much flavor that I demolished the dish. The Cubano didn't disappoint. Definitely recommend trying this hidden gem.
Good breakfast food. Was so excited to get a breakfast place in our neighborhood and was happy this place had more seating than the other location. We typically do our family breakfast thing on the weekend which is always packed so we started doing our orders to go. Worked great until they stopped taking takeout orders until after 12pm! Completely ridiculous that a restaurant which is only breakfast fare would limit their hours like that. I have small kids so it is difficult to take them to crowded places and wait 30 minutes for food. Guess we will just have to take our business to Mimi's Cafe who hires enough staff to handle their rush periods.
My favorite Persian restaurant in Las Vegas! The food is delicious with good size portions. The service is excellent and attentive. Habib himself is often on site and he is such a nice man. My favorite dish is called Fesenjan, a chicken stew in a walnut pomegranate sauce. It is delicious here. To add a special touch to the experience, they give each lady a long-stemmed red rose. Would definitely be a great place to bring a date if you were trying to butter her up. I highly recommend this place!
Typical Chuck E Cheese experience. We came for a birthday party and this time was a pleasant experience because there were only 3 parties for our time slot. This particular location is probably the nicest one in town due to its size and play area. The staff here is young and barely helpful. While I appreciate the high security to go in and out of the place with a stamp to verify that the adult and child "belong" to each other, I shouldn't have to wait 10 minutes to exit because the person who is working the exit is also working the Dippin Dots station. I find this place never has enough staff to adequately help customers. So don't expect much from them. And the food is mediocre at best. But the prices are equal to restaurants in town. Very grateful that there are other options in town for a similar experience e.g. John's or Dave & Buster's
Gorgeous venue and I love having this touch of culture in Vegas. We finally bought season passes for the Broadway series and love going to each one. We have sat in multiple locations in Reynolds Hall last season and most every vantage point is a good seat. Glad we have our set seats now. We look forward to each performance that we have the opportunity to see. There is $10 valet parking or you can self park right across the street for $5.
I cannot express how much I love this school. We transferred my son to this school after a less than stellar experience with another private school in town. From my first contact with the staff and administration, you could tell this place was about providing a nurturing and excellent environment to the children. This school really does foster diversity. It's not just words that are used in advertisement. They foster those values in the classroom and everyone is made to feel included in all they do. In short, they practice what they preach.The academics are excellent. I'm a believer in giving children a balanced learning environment. Hundreds of hours of homework does not make a child enjoy learning. I like that there is work time and play time appropriate for the age. And honestly, at these grade levels, too much homework equates to extra work for the parents.  This school chooses an appropriate amount of work for each grade level.My son has thrived since moving to this school. FLA has been a true blessing to our family. I'm so happy we found this school and I'm forever grateful to all the teachers and administrative staff. My son once again has a love for school.
One of the best steak places in town. So juicy that you do not need steak sauce. Good portions as well. Decor is nothing modern or fancy. It is quite rustic. Cheese bread is addicting. Service is hit or miss which is why they lose a star. But the food is pretty amazing for a place hidden away in the northwest.
Showed up for my appointment only to find the receptionist that I spoke with didn't make it at the time she scheduled by phone. When I arrived, only given repeated "I'm sorry". Sorry that this upscale salon doesn't value their customer's precious time. Seems to me that their front desk employees need a lot more training!
Nice to depart from this terminal since it is less congested. Big fail for the design for parking though. There is a shuttle to transfer between Terminal 1 and 3, but if you need a cart for your luggage to get to it, you will have to buy one twice. There should be a better way to get between terminals for people who have luggage to carry around.
Considering it was a Saturday and I was a walk in, they got me in and out in an hour. Checking in was pleasant. I did not catch her name but the lady was so friendly. The phlebotomist was also great and gentle with his needle stick. I have to give props where they are due. I have been to other labs where all the staff is grumpy, wait times are long, and they even have lost the specimens. This location was fabulous today.
Horrible experience. The place is crowded all the time. Workers less than helpful or attentive if you have any questions. So this year, I tried to take advantage of the online ordering system. Placed my order with plenty of time to spare. After waiting for the presumed shipping time, finally had to call and inquire about where my order was, I discovered that  they never planned to ship to me even despite an invoice showing that. They claim they called to notify us of a partial order, yet even reviewed phone records, this is untrue. Spoke with management and they were unwilling to make it right even with the error starting from their website. Clearly this place is uninterested in providing good customer service so we will definitely be letting our school know about their poor service. Must be nice to have a business that charges customers and then not really care if service is delivered with good quality. BEWARE if your school uses this place!
We had 3 palm trees that needed removal as their roots were placing stress on a retaining wall in our yard. We scheduled an estimate. Claude came to evaluate the work and was quite honest about the best way to handle the job. After getting a few other quotes from other businesses, we chose them for the reasonable price. They arrived to do the job and completed the removal efficiently.  Overall, we are happy with the service provided and the work was done well. The reason for losing a star is twofold. First, we asked for a clear written estimate. What we were given at first was scribbling on the back of a business card. After insisting on something more formal as I expect from licensed contractors, he brought it over the same day as showing up to do the job. We were a little surprised that he planned to do the work at the same time. Just some poor communication whether from us or them (not sure).  He also wanted to be paid by cash which I never do with home service vendors for legal reasons. Ultimately, he did accept a check which I do appreciate, but it makes me wonder about a business that prefers cash and tries to operate under the table. I am quite sure what we paid for the work was not discounted with saving on their taxes in mind.
Love coming here with the family. Great American comfort food with hearty portions. This place is not fancy at all but I find the ambience casual and welcoming. Servers are very helpful and attentive. This place has a nice selection of meat dishes, fish, and steaks. Our family seems to love this place for those nights when you don't feel like cooking but you don't want to break the bank eating out. A great little find in the Centennial Hills area without the boring franchise feel.
This has become our favorite place to take the family for dinner. The service is stellar. I can't remember where else we have gone where the servers are so attentive to every little need. The food is delicious! Our favorites are the parmesan crusted pork and the house special sirloin. The salad bar is not your typical one, but we love the options there, especially the pepper crusted bacon. We haven't had one bad experience at this place and always love coming to Downtown Summerlin. Keep up the good work.
After our last visit in December, we discovered the staff here was unable to honor a simple request to not give my kids sugary snacks. I had a lengthy discussion with the manager, Vivian, over the phone. She assured me she would discuss this with her staff. She offered me a credit on my account which was to be applied to our next visit. My concern with her at this time had to do with the many kids who have food allergies and if the staff made this mistake with them, they could have a medical emergency on their hands. The second concern is when we were checking out and I brought up my complaint, not one "teammate" on the premises was capable of handling my concern appropriately. The girl just stood there like a deer in the headlights and could not even respond. These are the people you hire to watch my kids??? They cannot even think on their feet when there is an issue! After a two month hiatus from the place and reassurance from the manager that she would handle it, we tried the place again tonight. At least tonight they did not load my kids up with sugar. But at checkout when I inquired about the credit they offered us from the mistakes last visit, again deer in the headlights look! No manager on premises for a resolution or to handle it. Very poor customer service. I encourage parents to think twice about entrusting their precious kids to people who cannot run an organized and professional place for kids. Apparently, the real managers are only there some of the time and the rest, the staff is a bunch of young kids without their thinking caps on.
I love this location. Better parking situation than the Buffalo one. Layout is great with the same TJ items. The kids have a blast with the kid size carts so they can shop along. Staff here is super friendly and helpful.
Tried this place for the first time recently with the whole family. Service was pleasant, friendly, and quick. The place was a little noisy indoors. They do have a nice patio which you can bring your pet to. The food selection was average, but the taste and flavors were pretty good. We shared the Smores dessert at the end which was delicious.
Came here due to a recommendation by a friend. Our experience was amazing. I did not think we would fill up on bits put together but we were all stuffed by the end. We chose one of the meat platters to sample a few different things for the first time. Great drink selection. Excellent way to hang out with friends. Servers were excellent and attentive. Will definitely be back.
Came here for a business lunch. Sushi was tasty and fresh, but it was nothing out of the norm for Vegas sushi places. It was definitely some place I would come back to though. Service was friendly but I did feel a little rushed by them. Ambience inside was clean and on the trendy side. The style kept with the feel of Tivoli Village. All in all, a nice experience.
We just started classes here. The woman at the front desk was the most helpful person I have come across in a long time. Service with a smile, answered all my questions about the studio's policies and extremely knowledgeable about how things run. It made registering for classes such an easy experience.There is a wide range of dance classes offered. The studios are clean and good size spaces. My kids had their first class today in hip hop! Both kids really enjoyed themselves. I'm a very happy parent so far with this business. I can't wait to see how my children progress in learning some dance.
Website says that notary services available. Arrived on a Friday and was told that the notary is not there on "weekends". Apparently, Friday is considered a weekend. I wish my boss knew that (so I could have the day off).  Asked to make copies of documents and they charge $.09 per page on a dingy little printer behind the cashier. Yea, stick with Office Depot for these services. I'm not sure what this place actually does well.
Clearly, I spend way too much time getting my vehicle's tires fixed. This is a neighborhood store, but the vast majority of the time, everyone who works here is quite pleasant. The young man who filled my tire pressure today was really sweet and professional. I guess the valve stem was loose and my tire was leaking air. No charge and I was in/out quickly. Helps that the store was a ghost town. But I still want to give credit to a nice person. They still lose a star because when I called to inquire about coming in today, I was put on hold by phone and nobody every came back to the phone? Also, because they can't seem to fix my information in the computer and so it's always confusing to find me in their system since it's somehow mixed with my husband's information too. Overall, an honest place to do business and they give quality service.
I have been a patron of the business for years. The nail salon in this location of Providence is new but brings the same great quality of the original shop. I always receive a great manicure and pedicure. The staff is friendly and helpful. This location has really chic decor. They are very creative if you are looking for nail art. They are consistently adding to the collection of gel and rockstar colors so you have new looks to try. The prices are admittedly above average but you get what you pay for. I always leave happy and having enjoyed a relaxing experience.
The food itself is good. Fun names to their specialty rolls. Service is ok. Ambience aims to be more on the hip side which is not quite my taste but tolerable. Not very family friendly but more suited for groups of friends or adults only. But at the end of they day, yummy sushi so will return in the future.
This location is lame! Called the night before to place a large catering order so we could provide lunch for our staff. Apparently, they will not take large orders over the phone. They require you to come pay in person, which then means you have to waste time waiting for them to cook the large order. I offered to give credit card info so that it was paid for, but they still refused. I cannot understand a business refusing $200 worth of orders. Interestingly, the location at Santa Fe Station  was easily able to accommodate this order without a problem. The management at this store needs to go back to school and learn what customer service means!
My children love Kids Quest but we usually go to the one at Santa Fe Station. Lately, that place has gone downhill so we are checking this one out. Much better experience. You can see the difference in proper management and staff who take a sincere interest in the kids. The little ones have a blast and come out ready for a nap. Win win! So glad this one follows what the company promotes in its mission.
Checked out this place for a Sunday dinner service. Family of 4 including 2 young kids. The ambience is average and the place is a little more than average noise level. After being seated, a server came over to ask for drink orders. When I paused to breathe, she took that as taking too long and walked away. This actually happened a second time as I was asking my kids what they wanted and that took too long for her. On her third arrival at the table, I literally had to ask her to give us 30 seconds to answer her questions before she walks away again. So we ordered 2 kids meals and 2 AYCE. The server  was at least helpful in explaining how their AYCE works e.g. which items were excluded or limited to one. I found it a little off-putting to have her emphasize to us the kids can't share our food. This was as they were dropping food off to the table and the kids meals still waiting to be done. I totally get that a business doesn't want to have people abuse the AYCE rules, but I highly doubt 2 little kids are going to eat them into bankruptcy. Then I ordered one thing only to have the wrong item brought to the table. When it was mentioned to the server, he shrugged his shoulders and left it on the table anyway. When asked to speak with a manager, surprisingly none on site! Can't say that I didn't see that one coming. It's a shame because the food is good and there is a decent selection. They do seem to err on more spicy oriented special rolls. Which is how they got a second star from me. Definitely not very family friendly in my opinion. So won't be back. I recommend you save yourself a bad experience like we had and it spoiled a nice time out with my family.
Friendly staff. Amazing doctor. Good selection of frames. Beautiful office! Great location on the Southwest and plenty of parking. Definitely recommend this establishment. I will be back to get another set of glasses.
We enrolled my son here for the preschool program with the hope to have him learn with some structure to his classroom and expose him to social interaction with his peers. He attended this "school" for the entire  year only so that we did not disrupt his experience. We are so glad to not be returning. The teachers at the school are caring and sweet, but I think the teacher-student ratio is too high for what I am paying for this place. They are not able to give each child adequate attention for this young age. Also, the front desk is extremely unfriendly and one woman in particular has a very sour attitude all the time. My biggest complaint is they are inconsistent with discipline. If my child has a tantrum (common at this age), they are quick to call us to pick him up and do not credit you for the day. However, there is a child in class who has bitten other children several times and the only thing the school does is call both parents ( the biter child and the bitten child) to "document" it for their records. I find this unacceptable! If this is repeated behavior for this bully child and the parents cannot curtail their kid, the child should be expelled or suspended. The school has done very little other than covering their own butt. My child is not having a good experience at your school if he is being bitten every other time he attends class. While I understand kids will be kids, the school cannot be so passive. This is a private school and one child should not be habitually jeopardizing the safety of the others.In addition, their program advertises a structured curriculum, but I did not feel they stuck to this well. My son does not even start and end in the same classroom with the same kids each day, nor does he have the same teacher for the day. They switch off based on their own schedules. How does this create structure for a child?  They claim they will encourage a potty training environment, but I saw no evidence of this all year. In summary, we tried to be patient and to talk to the director about our concerns, but in the end our experience was very disappointing. I definitely do not classify this as a school, more like an overpriced daycare. Would not recommend this place to anyone, unless you are okay gambling with your child's safety and well-being.
My five year old needed dental surgery and was scheduled here. All the nurses and doctors were excellent. This place did a great job catering to pediatric surgery. The recovery area for kids is Sesame Street themed and nicely decorated for kids. Better than any of the children's hospitals in town. The registration girl in the front was a little snooty, but all the clinical staff was so caring and patient. I cannot say how grateful I am to all of them!
This was not our first time here but we have not been in a long time so we chose this for a much needed date night. Our waiter was great. He did not hesitate to strike up conversation with us while he mixed our fondue together. Very attentive in checking on us for everything. The food was yummy. This place involves a little work on your part but that is the fun of the experience. We had a great time and look forward to coming back again soon.
Love the Thrifty ice cream. Prices are a bit high for it though. Customer service was quite rude.
Although this is a great venue to host a party, I have yet to see the workers actually do anything to entertain the kids during the party. All they do is help set up the party tables. Pretty expensive for that level of service.
I've been coming here for 3 years and this business is exceptional just like the day they opened. It's so amazing to not have to shave all the time. All the staff is friendly and both Anahit and Mari are excellent laser techs. This salon is concerned about your safety and also providing a quality service with a smile. I have had my legs, armpits, chin, lips and sideburns treated and I love my results. Not painful in the least. The salon is beautifully decorated yet an intimate setting. I notice that they stagger their appointments so the waiting room isn't full of people while you are there waiting. I'm always taken in promptly. They have recently added laser tattoo removal to the options of services offered here. They also offer laser resurfacing for anti-aging purposes.It's no wonder they won the Best of Las Vegas award. They really deserve it!
This nail salon is quite a distance from my neck of the woods, but my girlfriend and I always make it s a Girl's Day and she loves this place because of their consistent quality of work. I have had different nail techs do my mani and pedi and I have to agree with my friend that my nails always look great no matter who has worked on them. The most impressive part of this salon is the sheer number of colors of gel and regular nail polish they have to choose from. They also will offer you wine, champagne, soda or water to enjoy during your nail appointments. Nice touch. The decor is beautiful and the pedicure chairs are a good quality and obviously on the newer side. I have nothing bad to say about this place (wish they were closer to my house). But an excellent business to patronize in my book.
As usual, customer service of this location is lacking. Called merely to book an appointment to use my Wellness Program credits. Receptionist indicates that she must know what kind of pressure I like. Keep in mind, my chart is about 3 years long there. She can't find the info. I ask why she needs to know this?"Because I need to find a therapist that can do the pressure you like". Ok....so aren't these certified therapists trained how to adjust pressure based on the preferences of their client? Or are we no longer using professional therapists at this location?And after this interrogation to merely book the appointment, I better get every last second of my time during this massage which is historically a problem.
I came to this place because my favorite nail tech from another salon works here now. My first impression is the place is clean and the gel color selection is huge. Prices are moderate. Wish the UV light was built into the table but that was minor, yet worthy of losing a star. Overall, I had a positive experience but mainly due to my favorite tech who is meticulous and always a joy to work with.
This was our first time at this restaurant and I wanted so much to love it. We had a 6pm reservation and were seated promptly upon arrival. The hostess was friendly and our server George was helpful. We were presented with a list of specials which included Swordfish and pumpkin ravioli. For appetizers we tried the Ahi Tuna Sashimi and the Bang Bang Shrimp. The tuna was good but not spectacular. The shrimp had a good flavor. Portions were pretty big for an appetizer. Would have been better if we shared one. I had the wedge salad which was okay, but again just an average salad. My hubby had a cup of corn chowder with lump crab meat which was tasty and a generous portion for a cup. I decided on ordering the swordfish but was told they were out of pumpkin ravioli. I was quite disappointed by this. It was early in the night to be out of something on your specials list. Poor management of inventory if you ask me. So I ordered it with the suggested mushroom ravioli. My hubby got the Chilean sea bass with mango salsa. Both of our entrees were disappointing. The mushroom ravioli was not tasty at all. Both fish dishes were flavorless. I was surprised that a place that specializes in seafood does not know how to infuse flavor into the fish. They merely just top it with stuff. I was not impressed at all by the food here. I will say that the service was good and ambience nice for a night out, but it does not make up for the poor food.
Came here for a private kids birthday party. Have been wanting to try this out for awhile. Awesome experience. You get to try and paint a selected painting while drinking some wine and chowing with friends. An instructor demonstrates how to recreate the painting and you get to take your creation home.  Not sure I would recommend this for little kids as it was quite messy, but the kids did have fun. I would definitely return with a group of adults though.
A great place to visit. We usually only go around the fall, but they are open year round. The orchard is huge and I am usually exhausted at the end of this excursion. The kids have a blast picking pumpkins, fruits, and vegetables. This year they got to play in the hay maze. I was very impressed with the place when the line to cash out was long, the staff started passing out water bottles to the customers. Such a wonderful family-run place. I plan to keep supporting this place because it is such an asset to Northwest Las Vegas and I want to see it stay for years to come.
On our quest to find a dim sum place closer to home, we decided to check this place out. As previous posts stated, there are no carts and you order directly from a menu. This just means the food comes out piping hot and fresh. The selection of dim sum was excellent, at least for the items I usually order. The service was average, but they get kudos for being attentive.  The food was delicious. Prices are a little higher than our usual dum sum place.The only criticism was there were two items we ordered that they ran out of. It is a major pet peeve of mine when you have regular menu items out of stock, it implies someone is not doing their job at inventory when you are out of multiple items. One is understandable, but three?Overall, a good experience and we will probably be back again.
Such a great neighborhood breakfast spot. The place is not huge, but a cozy place. We walked in with one waiter serving the whole place and few other tables filled up right behind us. I give the guy major props because he handled the situation like a pro. He was very gracious and got us taken care of well.The kids had the chocolate chip pancakes. My hubby had the bacon egg sandwich. I ordered the Throwback. My MIL had the plain French toast. We all loved our chosen dishes. We will definitely come back. I really wanna try their Benedict options. I am thrilled to find a new breakfast spot different from the franchise places.
We came to this business for a kid's birthday party which was held in a private room. There is also a larger area in the front for the regular sessions where you can just come and paint with your friends. What a fun experience. The instructor was super helpful giving step by step instructions to create your masterpiece. The kids had a blast. It was a wonderful idea for a birthday party, although it might be tough for really young kids. Only criticism I have is the high stools that are there. They are pretty high up and it's easy for the seat to topple. The stool is cute considering the theme for the place, but its functionality is a little worrisome, so be careful hopping on them and getting off too. I definitely would like to come back again and do this activity with adults only. Kudos to a great business in the Summerlin area!
Went for the lunch buffet. Nice selection of dishes. Tasty food. Service was good. Mango lassi was delicious and a great portion compared to a lot of places. Would definitely come back.
This particular location has a lot of problems getting your order right. I know running a drive thru is really complicated, but does anyone teach their employees to check the bag before serving the customers? Even complaints to management do not improve things. Also, be careful if your order is for more than one person per car. Then they really get confused here!
A bit hidden in a corporate business plaza next to Painted Desert golf course. They have a large selection of tea and boba options and flavors. I tried the lychee smoothie. Very yummy. They used to have a larger selection of small food items. Now we just found the ramen intriguing. We tried it. I had tokutsu?. It was a bit weird for my taste. My son had egg noodle and that was delicious. The pic of miso ramen on here looks like it is worth a try in the future too. Will be back, but I do wish they brought back a few more food items like the rice bowls.
Nice little meat deli in this neighborhood. Very thorough selection of red meat cuts. Homemade sausages. A few seafood items. The freezer items read like a selection of ingredients from Chopped. Things like sweetbread, livers, etc. I do not normally cook with this stuff but good to know where to go if I needed stuff like that. Staff was very helpful and willing to answer any questions. I left purchasing a couple homemade tamales. They hit the spot and were delicious. Great neighborhood find!
Great place for breakfast! Family friendly and great service. Yummy hollandaise sauce on my benedict.
Like other reviews, I am just glad to have a decent pho place in this part of town. The service was okay. The food was just ok. The broth was not quite flavorful enough but it was acceptable. They have a good selection of items. I wanted to love the place but it just does not quite measure up to other places near Spring Mountain.
We finally checked this place out during Restaurant Week. Love it! Service was fantastic. Cone during happy hour on weekdays and the sushi is half price. Food tastes great. Parmesan truffle fries are amazing. Trendy ambience. We will be back for sure.
Super yummy stuff. Great selection of unique flavors. I got the salted caramel chocolate because I could not decide between sweet or salty. It is delicious. Staff is very helpful and let me try a bunch of samples. Price is a little steep but definitely worth satisfying my cravings.
This business contracts with the local recreation centers club sports leagues for photos. In the Winter, my son's photo was horrible. The photographer doesn't seem to be interested in getting a good shot. I watched as he hurried the kids through to take the photos. Multiple parents on our team had issues getting the correct items that they already paid for. For the Spring leagues, we shot photos over a month ago. Our whole team has not received photos yet. ZERO communication with the parents who already paid. Apparently THREE teams didn't get their photos yet and this weekend is the end of the season. In Summer, no communication from the city on the photo day for the team. Makeup photos shot and once again no pictures given to our team by the end of the season. I'm sure this business is quite happy to have such a large contract with the City of Las Vegas leagues, but does not have the capacity to deliver quality service to the large volume of customers this entails. I take issue with a business who happily collects their fees upfront and consistently fails to deliver a quality product on time. I strongly caution parents to be avoid being scammed by this photographer. Take your own photos, at least you will have your prints in a timely fashion. I will make sure the Recreation center hears my complaints about this contractor loud and clear! If I pay you to perform a service, I don't appreciate having to hunt things down to get my product. And trust that I have tried to speak with this business by calling. But big surprise, they also don't care to call paying customers back.
We are always down to try a new sushi place. We dropped in here on a weekday for a late lunch. We were one of 2 tables in the place.From the beginning, it was a lackluster experience. Table for four, including 2 kids. We were seated and not given any menus for over 5 minutes. Any mother knows with little ones, service must be efficient as kids do not tolerate long waiting times. The waitress dropped off the menus and ran off. She came back and wanted our food order. When we told her we were still thinking, she immediately ran off without even giving me a breath to tell her our drink order.  She brought our drinks but forgot one. We gave her our food order and sat. We ordered a veggie tempura appetizer. That came to the table. It was a big platter of tempura but accompanied by the most tasteless dipping sauce. Plus, they only serve it with the tiniest amount considering the dish it was paired with. I also ordered a cucumber salad but never received it so I cannot comment on what it tasted like.  Next we ordered 2 chicken ramen noodles for the entrees. Those arrived and were huge. The broth had no flavor and the chicken was cold. It had clearly just been sliced up and thrown in. It too had no flavor. I thought it would be grilled or marinated or something. Definitely not worth the $9 price, even Top Ramen tastes better. My kids had a veggie noodle dish. I give her credit for getting that out to us quickly, but she did not give them any utensils.Bottom line, horrible service with nothing to excuse it e.g being busy or understaffed. And blah food. Next time we will stick with our usual sushi joint down the road.
Interesting concept. Prices inflated. Food is yummy, but how could you mess up ice cream? Wish they had some smaller portion options available. The last thing I need is to get my kids overly sugared up. Needs more seating availability.
The pasta here is awesome. Very cool and simple concept- pick your pasta then pick your sauce. Portions are generous. I chose the butternut squash ravioli with carbonara sauce and I practically licked my plate. Meatball sub was huge. Kids Mac and cheese was delicious. Hubby had lobster ravioli with pink vodka sauce and was pleased.Only downside was the decor was not up to scale with their prices. Each plate is about $15-20. Service was very good. Friendly and courteous staff. Will definitely be back
One of few places open at 5am. The crew is always friendly and cheery. Greet you with a smile which I need when I am up that early. They always serve me quickly which is necessary when I am rushing to work. Of course, the bagels and shmears are yummy. Love their to go boxes which makes it easy to take my goods and run. Love this place.
This place used to be awesome. Met our friends from out of town at this place and was shocked how the quality has gone DOWN. The portion sizes are pitiful now. Food still tastes okay but I never thought it was that amazing compared to any other Thai restaurants in town. I was also taken aback when we made our reservation and they said that if we were more than 5 minutes late, they would cancel it! FIVE MINUTES!?!?! The standard in restaurant industry is 15. We had a large party as well and people were arriving separately. I guess they don't want to encourage locals to come here. I think it's time to find a new Thai restaurant to recommend to my friends who are visiting Vegas.
Finally got to dine at this restaurant after years of hearing good things. I wish we didn't wait so long to try it out! I loved everything about our experience...the food, the ambiance, the service. The food was spectacular. You can taste the care put into every dish that is served. Excellent flavors, good quality proteins, fresh homemade pasta. The bread is made fresh daily and it tastes as such. Our server, Donny, was very attentive and gracious to go over his recommendations in detail with great descriptions of how each item was prepared. We found it especially impressive that Chef Marc is going around to each and every table to greet customers and welcome everyone with genuine hospitality. What a dedicated owner! We really had a tough time choosing what to order because it all sounded delicious. But even better, every item we ordered was fantastic! We will definitely be back again!
I really wish the schools would research the quality of photography companies they contract for school pictures. We have had multiple issues over the years with the portraits they send back. First time, I was given a package that had photos stuck together. Clearly the ink hadn't dried and the image peeled to separate the pages. Fortunately I was sent a reprinted package.This year, they photographed my son after recess, judging by how messy his hair was. Does the photographer not mention this as he seats the kids to shoot? No big deal, we sign my son up for the retake day. But they decide not to photograph my child on this day! Oh by the way, they never did send us the class photo which I paid for over a month ago. Call to the company: we're sorry but you have to find time to come to the studio. Our photographer doesn't make comments about how the child looks. We don't communicate what child has orders with the photographer on site. Just a whole lot of redirecting the blame. I guess my time to track them down is not valuable. And the school must get a nice kickback from this company for using them despite very poor quality of services delivered. What a racket! I'm sure in the wrong business.
Wonderful crew and a really great venue to have private events.  We had a birthday party for my mom and all our guest really had a great time.
Love their yogurt. They add new flavors quite often my fav is pumpkin, pb and marshmallow.
The driver was 10 min late for pick up, I was getting married and was in a tight schedule, The driver got lost , he said he was following my photographer. ? Made several wrong turns which one was a dirt road. I had 4 vehicles following the limo. They were thinking that he knew where he was going. On the way to the destination, the roads were very curvy, he was speeding and taking turns very quick . In s result we were sliding all over in the back seat. I had 10 ppl including 3 little ones. When I called , I was not satisfied with the conclusion. The manager was not survive oriented at all. Yuck!
I hired this buisness to be a photographer for a non profit  for breast cancer 2016 calender . This buisness was to finish the project  to customers liking and be quality work. Unfortunatly , this work has not been completed. This buisness had blocked every way to be contacted   . I have asked several times to have this work completed and all photos done appropriately for calender ready worldly. I would advise not to entertain a connection .
The best pizza and pasta in rdp $$$ good price and service
This was my first experience with Ethiopian cuisine and I was not disappointed. We had the Kitfo and the tibs. Both excellent. The owner was very attentive and even brought us some extra injera after I was raving about how much I loved it. He also told us their special vegetarian dish, that is only available on Wednesday nights, is very popular.. so you can bet I'll be heading back to try it out.
I'm a relatively new patient of Dr. Catalano's , but I've had a significant amount of work done already. So far, everything has been exceptional. Her staff is warm and caring, and Dr. Catalano is amazing. It had been years since I've been to the dentist and I had heard horror stories and how rough and painful other dentist and hygienists were, but every time I leave Innovative Dentistry, I say to myself, "wow. That was no where near as bad as I thought it was going to be." I highly recommend Dr. Catalano and her staff if you're looking for a dentist.
Jack is the BEST. He got me an amazing deal on a memory foam mattress. He was extremely helpful in assisting me with choosing something that met my needs, while also staying within my budget. He and his associate, George, are super knowledgeable and will help you find the perfect mattress. Thanks again, Jack!
Amazing coaches. They really care about each and every person that walks through the door. I was new to crossfit and have some back issues. From day one they walked me through the exercises and made sure I was using proper form and wasn't going to injure myself. In no time, I felt comfortable and loved going.
Tony was amazing. Great pressure and hit all the spots that needed the most. I'll definitely be back
Fresh, authentic food and wonderful service. The owner is very friendly and took great care of us. We ordered the tapas grape leaves, the chicken shawarma, and shish kabob plate. All excellent. Some of the best hummus I've had too, served with warm pita bread.  I highly recommend this place. * It's the sister store to Amena's on S Decatur.
Okay so I have been to myriads of hookah lounges, and this one is just not what I expected. I have been here three times and it's kind of the same every time. SADLY, the cons weigh over the pros by far. THE PROS: The inside is very nice and modern with colored lights and a Dj booth. They have a dance floor which is always fun. They have local DJs play and that is always nice as well. The music itself ranges from rap to EDM. They offer food also ( I haven't tried anything so I can't comment on the restaurant aspect of this business). They have very keen security, so you will feel safe and not like you're in a ghetto hookah lounge to get shot or mugged in. They check ID immediately so you know they are serious and not trying to just get money from minors.Another plus, it is always clean and well kept from what I have seen so far. They are always very courteous and say welcome as they have a door man open the door for you. The staff is never rude, but they are very firm. There is no horse play in this lounge for sure.THE CONS: I have come here to meet with a large party one time, and only to find that their seating is WHACK. You cannot merge a 4 top table with another table, you cannot move chairs to seat more people at the 4 top table, and do not try to even justify it because you are wasting your breath. It is supposedly a safety/fire hazard. So with a large party, you have to sit awkwardly with someone in the middle gap of the two tables and try to have a good time from an uncomfortable distance. On top of this awkwardness, the tables are high like a restaurant normally would have. This means these two feet tall hookahs are literally sitting there like annoying table centerpieces that you have to keep looking around just to talk to your friends. Their customer service is very strange and rushed. For example: They will take your refill bowl order and, I kid you not, they will come back and ask if you want another bowl (very irritating and makes the servers look foolish, especially if ALL of them are doing that like my experiences). They always are switching your waiter it seems or they can't keep track of their tables. This one guy took my order for a water($1.50), and an entire hour passed until I finally told my original waitress. THEY WERE NOT EVEN THAT BUSY! They have always been completely understaffed for the Friday and Saturday evenings (10p-12a) I have gone and the waiters act like they can't remember their own names. It takes about 20 -30 min average to get your hookah from the time you order AND they don't even milk the hookah for you.That leads me to the true reason you would go to a hookah lounge: the hookah quality. Out of the ten or twelve hookah bowls I have had here, only three hit really nicely. I know some flavors hit better than others, but I mean I have had a cigarette hit better than those hookahs. The specialty house flavors(not just basic, single flavors but these are mixed with two or more) are nothing to brag about. I like the Spiced Chai and the Shooting Star best. Even if you ask for help to get it going, the waiters will take a fat inhale and act like it is fine, then you get it back thinking it's better, and nothing has changed. The DJs are either ON or wayyyy OFF. It is either whack, random mixes, or some good quality bangers/hits. The dancing is pretty ratchet, it is usually just a couple of people who are going crazy with twerking or yiking or some other wild, fun moves. OVERALL:I don't mind this hookah lounge. It isn't obnoxious and it is a safe, fun environment.  From the hookah lounges I have come from though, this is low grade for sure. They may have put in good money into the appearance, but the service is so poor. For the future customers:           try all the flavors you can, it is $13 all you can smoke          don't bring a large party bigger than 4 unless you can figure something out                               with the management          be a patient person and expect to wait quite awhile, even if it seems not so crowdedFor the business (this is NOT to be rude, it is just things I feel might help get more positive feedback):           please try to staff for busier nights          please try to fix the seating issue, it's like the second biggest problem          please get creative and start making a larger menu          please try to help enhance your waiters' performance by emphasizing organization and communication skills          please try to maybe have the waiters milk the hookahs for customers, it is just annoying          please make customer service NUMBER 1 always, that is the biggest problemThank You and I hope my review helped at least one of you readers :)
Love Guerlain!! So happy that they carry one of my ultimate favorite fragrances Spirituese Double Vanille!! They will also ship!
Not much to say other than the food was terrible. My hamburger was the driest hamburger I have ever eaten and it gave me a stomach ache. My friend ordered the Mac n' cheese and she immediately got food poisoning. Needless to say our trip to Vegas to celebrate her birthday didn't go as planned after she got sick from the food. As a result we didn't even try the dessert, which we were excited for. The service was okay but not enough to give this place more than a one star rating.
Horrible customer service. Rude and very unprofessional. I had 6 equipment loans with these people and would pay them all on the same day of the month. So 2 would be past due by 4 days every month. I'd get a phone call every month. Without fail. They always got payed, I payed the loans off early so I wouldn't have to hear from them
Best bbq I've ever had. The beans are really good. Definitely worth stopping by if your in the area
We made a reservation expecting a very special dining experience. We came away disappointed.1. We were seated in the bar area and we were unable to talk to each other because of the noise level.2. The wine selection menu was very overpriced. Triple even quadrupled what I would pay for the same bottle of wine in other restaurants carrying the same year3. The food was overpriced for what you were served and sub par preparation made it even more frustrating. The halibut was over cooked and at the $36 price tag made it even harder to swallow
Thanks to the reviews below, I stopped by and had one of the wet burritos. Absolutely fantastic. Add to that a house margarita and I was stuffed.
Believe all the negative reviews. Worst hotel in Las Vegas or anywhere for that matter.  Cramped elevator area with slow elevators and no AC. By the time you get to your room, you are already sweaty.  Bathroom is dirty, moldy and has no vent. Small black bugs fly around. Tub does not drain. Room is dark. The dark colored carpet  is so dirty it will turn the bottom of your feet black. The mattress is so uncomfortable you can feel the spring. The AC is loud and difficult to adjust. The internet simply does not work. There is no pool in this hotel. Basically there are no amenities what so ever. Yet they have the nerve to charge a resort fee.  This place is so gross it should be torn down. Come to this hotel if you want to torture yourself.
The good:Staff (including our COMPLIMENTARY...YES COMPLIMENTARY drivers) and concierge were fantastic. The hotel is centrally located (no more than 20 minutes walking from anything we wanted to see/do) and a great value for what we paid on Travelocity.  We also really enjoyed the complimentary coffee/tea/snacks in the lobby (great cookies).  The only slightly bad: The room did have a couple of loose knobs and a loose toilet seat but these are quick fixes.After reading the reviews about the noise from the club we did request a quiet room which was given to us with no problem.  I'd also like to add that our beautiful concierge made a point of telling the people checking in before us about the noise level on Fri/Sat and asked if this would be an issue...so no excuses to anyone who complains about this!A special thank you to our driver Lucas for being our "mini tour guide" and rain protector and to Sabrina for her professionalism and care!
A hidden gem in Village by the Grange. Don't expect anything fancy but if you're looking for something simple for a good price, you can't really beat this place. I ordered the niku udon and the nakionigiri. I loved the udon and the broth was very crisp and clear. I'm not a big fan of nakionigir in general but I thought the ones they served there were decent enough. Next time I go, I will definitely be trying the natto dishes (I think they are one of the few places that serves it).
I was very impressed with this place. I went there on a weekday and got there before line-ups really began. The service was excellent and I was able to have a good chat with the bartender (I was sitting at the bar) who was very friendly. The atmosphere was great as it was casual but nice at the same time, great for families, social groups, couples and what not.I ordered the spiducci, Ontario Prosciutto pizza, and tiramisu and affogato for dessert. The spiducci was probably my favourite dish. The pizza was as good as Italian-style pizzas can get. My only complaint would be their tiramisu, which was more like a creamy panna cotta with cake at the bottom. Maybe it's just me, but I prefer a more "cake-ish" version of the tiramisu...Overall, I'd definitely go back there again!
Walked into this place while in the neigbourhood and looking for a quick snack. Overall, the staff was nice and its quite a decent place. I ordered the Dulce Pear crepe and an orange flavoured hot chocolate. I'd say the crepe was only okay, but definitely somewhat over-priced. Either the waitress got my order wrong, but I ended up with a regular hot chocolate, which to be fair was very rich and tasty (dark chocolate). My overall impression is that for the price, I was expecting something better.
At the flower market they have fabulous supplies, wonderful fresh flowers, everything a DIY-er could want!  I highly recommend giving them a try!
This pho is LOCAL! So good and so cheap! U get to put things you've never put in the noodle before! Definitely a great place to go! Thanks to YELP!
This place is definitely a stay-everytime-you-visit-Montreal type of place! $70 tax included for a queen bed and not to mention the St. Lawrence river side rooms! One thing short is prbly the little flies in summer time. Recommended!
One of the best companies that I have ever dealt with.Great products and AMAZING customer service and represenatives.Attentive,attention to detail and knowledgable.Yesterday I received a call after 6 PM from Gloria instructing me how to recalibrate my battery and she'd be available should I need additional help.It doesn't get better than this company.David Firestone DDS
Re-read Juliana N's and Eric P's. I am in the process of  trying to get a refund now but like most reviews have said, it is nearly impossible. At this point, I am interested in getting a consumer fraud lawyer.
Today is the 4th time I've been here. Today my food came out really quick, it tasted fresh. Today I got a Carne asada burrito with beans, cheese, onions, cilantro and rice. It was pretty good but I was not absolutely blown away.The only two concerns I have had here are it sometimes takes them a little while before someone acknowledges that you're there, and my second gripe is they never have any Pico DE Gallo . I've eaten so much Mexican food growing up in Los Angeles and even travelling to Mexico several times and I never see a place without it.
Came in for a lunch combo today shortly after 11am when the lunch menu opens up...so I was expecting it to be hot n ready by the time I got there, but it wasnt.The cashier that took my order quickly got one fresh out of the oven for me, my only complaint it was slightly over cooked.Other than that it was great
I went there on 1-05-17 and normally I don't expect much from Little Caesars because just like they saying goes, "you get what you pay for"...The customer service I would rate about a 3 because it seemed no one knew what orders were suppose to be coming out...there were other customers inside who had stated they had been waiting a while for their specific orders.While i was there, The cashier who waited on me, got an attitude with a customer that came in behind me.When the customer asked if the order she placed on the table was, the cashier responded "thats what your ordered isn't it" in a very rude and sarcastic tone.Not only that but my pizza was cold when I received it.If I could avoid going on in to this location in the future I would.
I really enjoy Aloha Kitchen.Whenever I'm in the area I try to stop in.On my last visit I ordered the Kalbi Combo. Which comes with the kalbi short ribs, teriyaki chicken and chicken katsu, rice and macaroni salad.Now I've tried their katsu several times and I don't really like it so I swap my katsu for teriyaki everytime.The short ribs are a little pricey if you order an entire dinner of them, so I order this combo so I at least get a taste of them without breaking the bank, but it always leaves me desiring more.This and the actual wait times that it takes to get your food sometimes is why I ranked them 4 stars instead of 5.
I came in the drive thru one night and there was a cone placed in the driveway...thinking it was an accident because it wasn't even midnight yet, I drove around it.I drove to the window and honked my horn and one of the employees came to the window and let me know they were temporarily closed because the people suppose to be helping on his shift had not gotten there yet.Now I understand things happen however when I drove back around to the driveway I saw the employee I had just spoken with standing outside talking to 2 other employees that appeared to have just gotten off duty. Now I know if there shift was over they are not required to stay, however if they were just going to be standing around in the parking lot talking and making jokes they could have easily stayed in the kitchen until someone released them.Other than this trip I would rate the customer service to be about 4 out of 5 and the food to be about 4 out of 5 as well for a fast food restaurant.
Used this location on Monday, everything went pretty well.I paid for the truck in cash so you have to leave $100 deposit and they needed 6 references that had to answer the phone when they called.Now because I rented the truck at basically 8am there were certain contacts that I had to wake up to make sure they were available to answer the phone.If you use this location make sure you bring the truck back at the proper fuel level and that the back of the cab is thoroughly swept cleaned or they will charge you a cleaning fee.The only really thing I didn't like besides having to wake my references up was when I was backing out to leave after I returned the truck one of the employees was speeding through the parking lot like a maniac and almost hit my car which is why I listed them at 4 stars instead of 5.I would definitely use them in the future because I'm hoping the crazy driving employee incident was an isolated issue and not something that happens every single day.
I'm rating this 3 stars because on my last visit the service was good, I got my food in a timely manner, however I just didn't like the taste of it.I grew up eating taco bell multiple times per week, so I know what good taco bell is suppose to taste like and this just didn't do it for me, except for the caramel  empanada that I ordered. That tasted like golden perfection.So if you go to this location please do yourself a favor and get the caramel empanada other than that I can't recommend anything else except for the Baja blast drink.
One of the best Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas period hands down.The staff is the friendliest I've ever met in my entire life.I normally get the Carne Asada plate when I visit, it's the absolute best Carne Asada you will get an upscale sit down Mexican restaurant for $20 (or any price)The margaritas are awesome. I always order strawberry and mango mixed and it's usually heaven in a glass.Also if you're fortunate to attend one of their monthly tequila tasting dinners do it. You will not regret it even for a second.Thank you Mark, Kate, Ross and staff you all rock.
Two days ago I needed the batteries to be replaced in one of my sensors at my office, so I called the office, and zeke came out with about 45 mins just to change out the batteries for me.Talk about great customer service.Thanks.
Food is exceptional. I'm a roscoes chicken and waffle fan, and this is the next best thing.Friendly staff.Fast service when I went.
Treat yourself, Don't cheat yourself...If you haven't gone to Raising Cane's yet please take the time to do so.I'm ashamed to admit it but on my last visit to Cane's I ordered a Caniac which is 6 pieces of chicken tenders, crinkle cut French fries, Texas toast, and it normally comes with coleslaw, but I always substitute it for another piece of Texas toast...and I ate the whole thing in one sitting :( lol.I absolutely love their freshly squeezed lemonade, and one trick I do to make sure I enjoy every drop of it is ask for no ice because if you don't they will surely serve you ice with a shot of lemonade.Learn from my experience. Everything else is great.Also make sure you don't go during lunch time if you want to have the best experience ever.
First off I want to say I love Buffalo Wild Wings...now this is the 4th or 5th time I've been here and I'm going to share with you why I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5.The service is usually always great however my complaint would be on the consistency of the wings.On this visit today I ordered the parmesean garlic wings and they did not have enough flavor or sauce. Of course I asked the waitress at the bar for a cup of the parmesean garlic sauce and she quickly brought some out but this is the 3rd time out of 5 ordering the parmesean garlic wings when the flavor just wasn't there....Everything else is great.Maybe next time I will try a new flavor so that I'm not disappointed.
The masters of Tetris! These guys just left our house an hour ago and were phenomenal from start to finish. They loaded 2 PODS full and moved our 4 bedroom house, plus garage in just under 3 hours. The team was super friendly and hard working. We would certainly recommend 5-star movers and would totally use them if we are ever in the Vegas area again. No damage to report. Completely satisfied! Thanks 5-Star!
I recommend this company for garage door issues. Will use again when I have future problems. One of my springs broke a week ago and Veteran Garage came out within an hour to fix. Their prices were competitive and he was done very quickly. Had some issues a week later with the door not working quite right and Michael came back out after hours, within 45 minutes of me calling and at no extra charge to diagnose the problem. Once again, he fixed the problem very quickly and had me back in business in no time. Thank you Michael!
Donuts to DIE for! But make sure to special order them a couple days in advance - especially if taking them to an event/occasion - as they tend to sell out fairly early by lunch time!
St. Jacob's Apple Pie ice cream is to DIE for! Topped it with Skor bits & couldn't get enough of it. Waffle on a stick is hot, fresh & made to order...delicious recipe & the hot melted chocolate makes it that much better! Only improvement could be being able to choose more than 1 topping for both the waffle & ice cream, even if it cost a little bit extra! Ice cream cup with topping was $2.99 & waffle was $5.95...so the price point is great! Definitely recommended to give a try when in the Vaughan/Woodbridge/Maple/Richmond Hill area!
It's all about who you speak to at HD. At first I ran into one guy who told me it would be best to hire a plumber (probably bc I'm a female) THEN I met Sydney and man did I score when I ran into Sydney. What a wonderful older gentleman with OUTSTANDING knowledge. Showed me to the two tools I would need to take out the pieces to repair the plumbing/leaking in my shower and told me to come back with the valve pieces and he would tell me exactly what I needed. Returned within 45 minutes and he guided me straight to what I needed and even tips on how to put it all back together. He never for one second doubted I could do it and even empowered me by talking to me as if I really did know what I was doing. Went home, repaired and replaced the values and no more leak!!! You have an INVALUABLE employee Home Depot and I will now come in and go straight to see if Sydney is there.
Yummy, lots of options, clean and friendly service. Gentleman at the counter even noticed my water bottle was empty and offered to fill it for me.
Decent taste but the service is no energy. No personality or helpfulness and at these "build-your-own" type places there is an expected fun/playfulness craving when you stop in. I will not return.
This the single most unique dining experience I've ever had the pleasure to indulge. Absolutely divine.
As long as you're clearly aware you get what you pay for you can't go wrong at Five Guys. Real ground beef cooked fresh, not processed, frozen and shipped for miles and miles. Fries cut a fried from fresh whole potatoes, not processed, frozen and shipped for miles and miles. You know what your eating! And then you taste the difference when you eat the burgers and fries. Delicious burgers!! For me after eating Five Guys I never even consider places like McDonalds and Burger King anymore. Sure Five Guys cost a few dollars more. But if you care anything at all about quality, taste and about what you are putting in your body, you definitely won't care about paying a little more. When I want a delicious burger I head straight to Five Guys!
I got the chili cheese burger with bacon and foot long combo. To be honest the foot long was just ok. The burger however was awesome, flavorful and extremely delicious. A little pricey but to be fair, a burger this delicious is money well spent. So yes I will return when I'm craving a very good and delicious burger. And I love that Chubz is not at all far from my house.
I just had the big kahuna. Absolutely delicious! It was everything a steak sub should be, what we all expect. Warm, moist, flavorful and exceptionally delicious. I got onions and jalapeo peppers on mine which took it up a notch. WONDERFUL! Not only will I return, I'll recommend.
always good food good drinks and great atmosphere! Less than a mile from my house makes it all the better! LOL
I've had windstream high speed internet for at least 7 years. When it works, it's works beautifully with no connection issues. Just a couple of things though: I can never go 4 or 6 months without the service crashing. And on top of that I've been through 3 of their wireless routers. The routers they provide are crap! I just got a new windstream router in November of 2014 after yet another one died. I'm still making installments on this newer router. Today I have on Internet. Again! I called last night and waiting again to hear from them to fix it. This gives me plenty of time to research other isp's in my area and make comparisons. I've finally had enough. Windstream is simply not a reliable service IMHO.
Tried this place last week and loved it. They have lots of food to choose from along with a hibachi grill where you select ingredients to be cooked fresh. The food I got from the buffet was fresh and very tasty. This is in my neighborhood so I'm sure I will be visiting regularly.
When I go to Harris Teeter I'm on my own. When I go to Publix, I'm always made to feel appreciated, welcome and special. I never go to Harris Teeter anymore!
Ok, I was hungry, really hungry so I decided it was a Bojangles night. So I drove the 1 1/2 mile trip to my neighborhood bojangles and used the drive thru and ordered a tailgate special. I arrived about 8:20pm. Got my order and drove straight back home to watch the basketball finals. Made our plates. Sat down to eat only to discover the dirty rice was Luke warm and the chicken was literally room temperature. Now to be clear, the last time I ordered chicken at this location the chicken was not hot that time either but it was a little warm. Today's chicken wasn't even a little warm, it was "literally" room temperature! Isn't it against the law to sell cooked food below a certain temperature?! I thought the last time I went there they were just having a bad day so I basically gave them a pass. After this recent trip it's starting to seem to me that the employees just don't take quality serious or don't really care about making sure the customers get what they are supposed to get. A hot meal. Fried chicken should ALWAYS be served hot. Cold fried chicken just will not do! I'm done with this location.
My technician was Marvin. He arrived when he said he would, was friendly and did a great job mounting my TV over the fireplace in my new home. He also connected all of my media hardware as well and made sure everything worked properly. It only took about an hour and he was all done. He did a beautiful job and if I should ever need another job done I'd surely hire him again.
Really good food every time I come!  this is where I come when I dont really know what I want since they have a huge variety of foods to choose from. And you can even have the chef stir fry you something up from ingredients you choose included in the buffet price!
This is a brand new location open just a few days. I've eaten at other locations over the years. All good experiences. The staff is always very friendly and courteous. Very welcoming! I love the seafood platter, the flounder and shrimp are always cooked perfectly. This new location carry on the goodness. Tonight I got the pita burger. Sooo very delicious!! Puts regular burgers to absolute Shame I tell ya! Every time I crave a burger it will be Showmar's pita burger over all the rest. So glad to have this new location in my neighborhood!!
I had the fried green tomatoes and chicken shrimp and crawfish etouffee. DELISH!!! I've had authentic Louisiana dishes many times before. This is it! Will come back.
To be honest, you can get a comparable burger at McDonalds as far as size and taste. I was seeking a great burger and didn't get anywhere close. No.
There are no donuts in the entire world better than Krispy Kreme. My favorite is the rasberry filled. Oh my God Yes!!! The regular donuts are extremely delicious and addictive when you get them fresh off the belt. DANGEROUSLY ADDICTIVE. You're lucky if you don't have a location near where you live. If you do have a location, you're in BIG trouble. LOL
I'm gonna talk about two things here during this review, both positive. First off, on yesterday I visited Chicken King on Nations Ford for the very first time. I usually go to the location on S Tryon but I moved recently and discovered this location through Yelp that is only 6 min from my house. I went in and placed my order, a 3 piece chicken dinner. Other customers arrived during my wait as they cook to order. I noticed the very nice and pleasant young cashier explaining that their telephone lines were down rendering their credit card reader useless. I then notice instead of refusing to serve the pending prepared food they were simply serving to go orders without pay (for free)and doing so nicely. I had no cash either, just my debit and credit cards. When my order was ready she asked me nicely to just take it and not worry about it. I felt so bad. If I'd refused it would have been waste anyway which is also bad. So I had the cashier print me a receipt so I could present it and pay next time I come in just to ease my own conscience. I will go back in to pay my bill today. By the way, the food was absolutely delicious! I am now a new customer proudly so. I would advise them to close the store next time this happens until resolved. There are people who would take advantage of such kindness and dedication to superior customer service unfortunately. Great people and great food!
I've been to this restaurant twice and the food is amazing. Someone wrote here that the food tastes like it's either frozen or straight out of a can. I've had frozen italian and canned italian. The first thing you notice when eating at Buca is how FRESH the food tastes. Even the herbs in it seem quite fresh and complimentary.  someone also wrote that the atmosphere was loud and that they sang birthday songs a lot. Well to get around that my advice is to eat at home. This an italian restaurant. Nothing should be quiet about it! Enjoy the food, enjoy the cuture and go home. Some people will complain about ANYTHING.
Well to start my expectations for this restaurant was a little on the low side since I've been slightly disappointed at other soul food restaurants. They haven't been bad but definitely not on par to real southern soul food. This one right here was not only delicious but far far exceeded my expectations. Everything I ate was the bomb! I sampled from my husband's plate and his smothered liver was perfection. My best friend's red snapper looked right out of a magazine and tasted divine! If you haven't tried this M&M Soul Food restaurant I advise you to do so. No disappointments her! You'll love it!
I left Windstream to take a promotion with Time Warner Cable getting the phone cable internet bundle. After having problems with my bill for 3 billing cycles and being promised to fix it but didn't, I cancelled and returned to Windstream, only to discover that Windstream internet was now being run by Talk America. Talk America internet is the single most crappiest internet on planet earth and way too expensive. After two months of the worst internet experience ever I decided that since Google fiber is coming, I would stick with Time Warner until Google arrived in my neighborhood. Upon returning to Time Warner I discovered that they had made improvements with their internet speeds. So I said to self, shoot, if their internet can get me 200 Megabytes then I just may stay with them even when Google lays in my neighborhood. Okay! Here is my issue!! Time Warner internet is so inconsistent, so unreliable and at times even slower than Talk America internet. The only thing that makes Time Warner better is that on a good day, I may get speeds upwards of 130. But then just a short time later I may get a download speed of maybe 1 or 2. At least Talk America speeds are consistently crappy!!!! I'm supposed to be getting near or at 200!!!!!!!!!!! When Google Fiber comes I'm gonna probably hug the installer. Hopefully he won't be offended. Time Warner is like a bad bad bad relationship that you're just looking for ways to abandon!!!!!!! Almost any reason will do!
Just had the Reuben sandwich on wheat. Outstanding! Surpasses subway by leaps and bounds. And the bread compliments the ingredients as it should. Really good quality ingredients.
I've never been to this place. A friend called and told me he was coming over and that he would bring something for us to eat. He arrived with Pollo Campero, I'd never even heard of it. So I proceeded to try it. We had fried chicken, rice, fries and beans. I tried the beans first. They were a little soupy so I was not impressed...until I tasted them. They were extremely delicious! The best I had ever had. The fries were fries. Nothing different. The rice however was very delicious as well. Lastly, I tried the fried chicken. AMAZING. To be clear, the fried chicken tasted like no other chicken I've ever had in my entire life. Very flavorful! It was the very best chicken I've ever, ever tasted period. Better than Popeyes, better than KFC, and certainly better than bojangles. Better than any other chicken period! Their fried chicken looks very similar to KFC but tastes way better, and I do like KFC a lot. Again, I have not been to this restaurant but I can promise I will be going very very soon. I loved the food completely.
One o f my long time favorite places to eat when I'm in the Pineville area. This place has been here for many years and the consistency is dependable. Delicious food buffet style at a reasonable price.
This hotel is ok, I've stayed at much much better. It was decent. However I managed to enjoy my surprise birthday getaway my husband planned for me. There are fantastic shops inside this hotel and the view atop Stratosphere is unbelievable, an outrageously breathtaking view of all of Las Vegas! The comedy clubs are a must visit too as well. The one and only thing, an important thing I have a gripe with during my stay is the terrible horrific internet experience. Dreadful!!!!! Internet is important in today's world.. period. 1 meg simply does not cut it...ever! And the internet is so weak it's in and out, not dependable at all. I've stayed at much finer hotels for less money where the internet was free and actually high speed. It's 2017. Internet should be fast and free...period! Stratosphere if you want the best reviews, fix this now. I will let everyone I know that because internet is so important to our daily lives especially on vacation they may not want to consider staying at Stratosphere. Real talk!
I have been visiting this restaurant for years now. If you love seafood as I do, Captain Steve's should be a great seafood place for you. As mentioned in other reviews her, you will be needing a to-go box as the servings are HUGE! Although the majority of the dishes are fried, Captain Steve's also offer broiled options as well. My favorite is the salt and peppered fried cat fish nuggets which are real catfish chunks cooked to perfection. Captain Steve's is one of the very few restaurants who can fry perfect flounder perfectly due to is fragility. The butterfly shrimp is good too and really plump. They give you tons of popcorn shrimp with each entree. If you love onion rings, these are the best! But most of all, what you will immediately notice is how fresh the seafood tastes. If you've ever eaten at a seafood restaurant near the ocean, then you know that fresh taste I speak of. Captain Steve's seafood is comparable to coast seafood restaurants. And this is the main reason why I keep returning and taking friends ind in town visitors. No one I've take has been disappointed yet!
I've done takeout here about 5 times. The food was always really good. My favorite items to get is the fried chicken wings and shrimp fried rice plate. The pork fried rice is pretty good too. Just remember if you do takeout, REMEMBER to ask the person ringing you up to give you soy sauce or whatever for your rice. They do not put soy sauce in your bag at all like other places. That's where the 4 stars instead of 5 come from.
A while back the food wasn't good at all. The quality of the food has improved significantly! The food now looks and tastes good including the chicken. I had to update my review just to be fair. By the way..the staff is really friendly which is also a good thing. We all know how hard that is to find!
Well let me begin. I first went to Scorpio when I first moved to Charlotte back in the fall of 1996. I went there because I had heard of its popularity back home in upstate SC. I went alone, paid my entrance fee and gave the place a walk through. I then went to get my favorite beer, paid for it and proceed to stand near the bar and drink my beer while watching the guests dance. The bar tender got my attention and proceeded to accuse me of not paying for my beer. Of course I was bewildered that he would come for me like that! I wanted to believe he was somehow confused and would reasonably come to realize he had made a mistake, but no, no matter how I tried to get him to understand that he couldn't accurately accuse ME of stealing a beer and then standing right in front of HIM and drinking it too, he just wouldn't let me be. Before I knew it words just started pouring out of my mouth and they were not flattering either. Why the fuck would I order a mother fucking beer if I couldn't afford to fucking pay for it?! STUPID! Oh because I'm black I steal mother fucker?! Racist ass cunt!!!!    All these years later I still get angry when I think of that incident. To be clear, if he didn't want my black ass in there and that was his reason for being such a dick to me that night then it worked. I have not been back since and I always tell anybody who mentions Scorpio my experience. I've heard other horror and disrespectful stories other blacks have experienced over the years. I refuse to go to a bar where they are glad get your money but afterwards they want you gone immediately.
I'm giving 8 Sushi five stars not because it's five star food, but because it's worth a top rating when you take into account my own experience with the food, the service and the choice (including a range of Thai and Chinese options that allow you to satisfy a group of friends).. and the price. This is an All you can eat that's worth checking out if you are looking for that in the Danforth area.
A great neighbourhood bar and restaurant that brings a splash of Italy - and a dose of the Queen East/Leslieville vibe to Gerrard Chinatown.Terrific team and some truly unique takes on pizza.Plenty of choice on the menu beyond the signature pizzas and house wine that comes at $1 an ounce (you can't beat that!).Definitely check it out
Two stars for overall experience. Food would have scored three stars, not outstanding but okay. Unfortunately the food was dragged down by a very unfriendly staff, quite remarkably unfriendly... I guess they get by on foot traffic since it's hard to imagine coming back.
Definitely not for those that need to be on the strip, this place is quiet, clean and modestly priced.  Was able to sleep well and the reprieve from the smoke filled casinos was great for my burning eyes and annoyed sinuses..  (We non smokers are "spoiled" in California.)Would recommend for those looking for quiet time off the strip at a decent price.
These guys got their act together! Very professional and thorough. Keegan was patient with me as I would change my mind on pictures and content for the website. He would continually check in with me to keep the ball rolling towards completion. Fyresite is well established and It's a good feeling to know that I can rely on them for continued support for years to come!
Looked at the previous reviews and was a little skeptical.  Turns out they were dead wrong, Karl, the owner could not have been more helpful.  He diagnosed the problem with the valve, turned out to be nothing more then him removing and resealing it for us.  Went over the entire pool system with us and told us exactly what to do, where to buy and answered all the questions.  The total charge for the knowledge and bit of work he did on the valve didn't dent our pocket at all and was well worth it.  Also, I have checked into other monthly pool services, Pool Masters was $5 higher and hands down I would use them without negotiating a price to get them to match the other.  Recommended!!!
What a great experience!!!  Go see Jack Hart!!!  I was really hesitant about buying a new mattress, at what I thought, was out of my price range. Turns out I found a mattress in my price range. I have had it several months and I am so glad I stepped in this store.  I never knew the difference a good nights sleep could make.  Now I just wish I had more beds in my house.
Having taking my daughter here since birth, she is now nearly 4. The techs have done everything they can to make her feel comfortable and less scared. Last time we walked in, there wasn't a bit of hesitation to get to the next waiting room.
Tea Space has great tea. The guys working are very nice, and really I like the selection of tea that is offered. Highly recommended.
Customer service fails!!! We place the order by telephone, order was 12 chicken strips, fries, beans, two blue cheeses, and an order of cheese sauce. After spending the 15-20 minute drive there and back each way (obviously not one in my area) open the sack only to find the sauces missing. What is the meal without the sauce. Called to complain, placed on hold, even spoke up and said I didn't want to be on hold because I had an order problem. On hold anyways. Hung up, called back and again said I had an order problem, the manager, Shawn, Swan or something said that the only thing he would do is give me free sauce the next time I came in... What? No I'm not satisfied by getting free sauce that I have already paid for on my next visit. A bigger attempt at a discount or comp would have been the only way I was going to be satisfied. My meal was not complete. Very disappointed!!!!
Slowest Del Taco in the Las Vegas area. In the mornings if there is on car in line we will move on. Really ridiculously slow.
Love love love! This place is the best, large assortment of rolls and so many options so other menu items that are included in the all you can eat.
We have found this pizza to be the best in Vegas! We order at least once a week! The meat lovers is awesome and the thinly sliced sausage is fantastic.
We have eaten here several times over the past few years. This Wendy's is hands down the fastest I've ever seen. Just like fast food is supposed to be like.
It's what I expected for a kids pizza place. Not the best pizza, but salad bar was ok, lots of pasta and sauces to choose from, chicken legs, and desserts were ok. I liked the fact they had different rooms to eat in, we are the Disney room where the tv kept her interest. For taking a 2 year old I was pleasantly surprised that there were several games and 3 small rides that she could do. This kids play land is where I was disappointed, just a few little tykes type slides and a house, and two plastic animals to climb on. I could tell right away it was dirty, candy wrappers from the night before and a wad of gum are just the things I saw upon entering. We were there at open on our trip this day, by the way. The staff needs to be taught to clean these playhouses and slides and definitely keep the carpet clean, this room has kids on the floor. Staff needs a check list for cleaning.
Every time we tried to call ahead we got the message machine that would start to say what number to press for front desk but it cut off every time so we never got to speak to anyone. When we got there half of the lanes were closed so had over an hour wait and the lady behind the counter wasn't very happy to help.
BEST MEAL I have had in a long time. Had the roast pit chicken and prosciutto wrapped asparagus, and both were cooked perfectly with amazing pops of flavor!
My family's preferred restaurant for Mexican food! Consistent good quality, just takes a bit of time to get your food...
my wife took our vehicle in to get 1 tire replaced. She was charged $366 to get the tire replaced. $217 for the tire and $115 for the labor. I researched and looked that Discount Tire offered the same exact tire for $175 and their total price for the tire servce came out to $219. So pretty much i could of save $150 by going with Discount Tire. I am very disappointed and feel ripped off. I will never come to Fletcher Jones Toyota when it comes to tire service, and I am serious considering taking my vehicle somewhere else when it comes to maintanence/service for my vehicle.
I have been going here since I have moved to Vegas in 2012. They are reliable and their staff are very friendly and helpful. Dr Wong is awesome! Rhonda always has the best advice when it comes to both style and cost! I really appreciate everything they do.
Came in for dinner with my husband and was seated right away. We did have a reservation and I'm glad because we occupied the last available table in doors. I had no idea how the service or food would be after reading so many mixed reviews. But our server Brittany was attentive had a smile on her face the whole time. I had the charbroiled oysters and the catfish platter with the grits and green beans. Both dishes came out piping hot and full of flavor. The grits were great but the green beans I wouldn't order again. My husband had a cup of gumbo, and the red beans and rice with extra sausage. He enjoyed  both dishes but didn't like so much of the okra in the gumbo. Overall everything was good and will definitely return.
Wings and fries always come out hot and crispy. Hamburgers are big and tasty too. Don't let the location or looks of this place deter you, food it good here.
Came in for dinner and all of my appetizers were tasty and came out piping hot. We sat at the grill and had a pretty good dinner. Service was great.
While the food was average, this place lost major points with me for its lack of cleanliness in the food areas as well as the seating areas. Only half of buffet was open because I'm assuming it's not busy enough for the place to be fully functional, but with that being said, since it was not a busy night I cannot understand why things weren't more tidy and replenished sooner, if at all. When it was time to visit the game area everything seemed to be working, nothing was out of order. But there were not enough attendants operating the rides. So more then a few times tonight my kids waited until someone showed up to be able to get on the very few rides they have. I understand that business demands dictate staffing, but what's the point of me purchasing unlimited rides for 3 hours when your rides aren't being offered at an unlimited pace? I'd definitely seek out other kid friendly places before spending money here again.
She is so wonderful! I had my designer wedding dress altered from a size 10 down to a size 2 at her place. She was pretty fast and very good. The seams came out perfectly, the bustle was great, and the fit couldn't be better! Apparently she was "the tailor" for Miss America 2004 (Ericka Dunlap) saved many of Ericka's competition garments. Alexandra is not only good, but cheap. The only down side is that she gets really busy starting from March-June due to all the wedding and prom gown alterations, so I decided to take my dress in early to beat the rush.  Her new address should be 1408 W White St.
They have pretty good sandwiches. I heard the noodles are okay. My favorite sandwiches are: Nataing, Ground Beef Curry,  and Grilled Chicken sandwich.
They are pretty pricey, but their Pecan Raisin bread keeps me going back. Interesting note: at Las Vegas I went to a Casino Buffet, and was surprised to find that many of their buffet pastries resembles Mirabelle's pastries (especially the Pecan Raisin Bread).
I wanted to come here a long time ago because it is a noodle shop. My fiance's friend (quite the foody, and keen on Asian food) had tried it a few times and said it wasn't worth the time becuse the broth was very salty. All the yelp reviews tended to echo the same thing. ... But I was stubborn, and I wanted to go. So we did. And guess what, the soup portion was not even editable because it was so salty... and beyond that I got rice balls that were clearly refrigerated and reheated in the microwave (cold in the middle. yuck). We vowed never to go again. Well I felt like going yesterday, mostly because I was craving salt, and I secretly wanted to try it again. ... The menu was different, and our food wasn't as terrible. I enjoyed my noodles but they didn't wow me to any extent. I know my fiance did enjoy his variety of bun sandwiches. While I didn't like the combinations of the ones we tried, I am really curious to try a few more of them! My over all feeling is... its good. Not great, and not bad. We'll probably eat here again one day... maybe? . I feel like we are more likely to hit up the WSM one to try some more bun sandwiches (and probably no more noodle bowls).
Korean Burrito was horrid. One smell of whatever 'sauce' is in it turned me off.  My meat was mushy...  everything inside (besides the sauce) was bland (except the cilantro). The most disturbing thing to me, was that my daikon was mushy instead of crunchy--- seriously, what? how? And I just looked at the menu. That was supposed to be kimchi fried rice? Oh ok. ... I certainly didn't taste kimchi in there. Maybe this was a bad night for them, but... unfortunately there was nothing about it that would make want to try a second time. Kind of sad, since I wanted to like it. (My fiance said the bahn mi was ok, but I didn't like it either-- but I am not a fan of pulled pork so my opinion won't for that. I am curious to why there isn't any pate).
Can't say enough good things about our experience with J OR J Welder.  Our HOA had the front entrances of our Community vandalized. We needed masonry work performed on planter walls at both of our entrances.   I saw the previous positive reviews on Yelp and decided to give them a call.  Daniel Flores came out to go over the area and put together a very reasonable estimate. We met several times with Daniel who was always on time and professional.   Daniel offered solutions and was very patient with us.  Our planter walls turned out great and the new blocks match up perfectly.  We had mature landscaping surrounding the areas to be worked on and Daniel made sure his guys were careful to not damage any of the plant life.  I would not hesitate giving this company a call and highly recommend them!
Best Mexican food! Authentic, and great customer service. I've made it a tradition to stop by before leaving Vegas!
It's ALL good, should be a five star in all categories.   Nice people and service as well. Everything on the menu is outstanding! TRULY best of the best!     Thank You Open Door People!  YOU ROCK!                     Love it!   W/B   (AKA,The Old Aspi)
First time visiting the sandwich. Sandwich was ok considering the tomatoes could have been fresher.  Upon my last bite, I found a tiny baby roach crawling in my wrapper. I will never return.
First time here but I really can't say it's the last time. I ordered the Singapore Noodles with Chicken....it was too salty and I think the curry threw it off...I think I just ordered wrong. I also ordered a coke that just tasted....weird. Service was slow but nice.
The salsa is AMAZING! I go into a frenzy when I eat it. Food is ok but the price is not worth the portions they give you. Might been an off day but service was not too great. We waited few minutes between each plate being  brought out and kept having to ask for refills.
My co worker got me addicted to this place after bringing me a lunch special from them. I now go here at least once a week. Veggies are always fresh and crisp! Staff is very friendly and really appreciate you coming in which makes me enjoy my food even more!
We come somewhat often. The tortas are good but but something about the potato chips just makes me want more! I think they are homemade.  The best for thing about this place is the cleaniness of the place. Always, always clean no matter how busy they are.
Great food, unfortunately customer service is always bad.  The cashiers always have this look like they don't want to be there and  expect to be there an hour after you have called in your order to still wait for your food. Make sure you come when you have a lot of patience.
Service is good. Menudo buffet is worth the trip but everything else is overpriced for value of food.
They have thee friendliest staff here! From the admin to the cafeteria staff, they are so warm and helpful. I've had to bring my aging mother here to the wound care clinic and many times I've come here worried and concerned but somehow being around the staff makes me feel at ease. They have been wonderful, especially the cafeteria crew!
We decided to try this place out  on a Saturday since we always see their pizza special sign and because we had pizza on our mind since Friday night. Went with classic pepperoni and I must say it was delicious despite being a little too salty. We also ordered garlic cheesy bread that was equally delish and would have been better if the marinara sauce was warm. On the plus side, it had fresh basil in it...YUM!  We ordered for carry out and my husband was impressed that he brought out the order and opened to box to show us our order. Something about that gesture made us more comfortable with our pick. The Supreme Being sounds interesting so.....we will be back!
Very confident and happy with the drive-thru service.Dunkin Donuts ... It's so much better than CHAR-bucks coffee!
I usually do business with the W. Indian School Road shop, but I was in Tempe and stopped by for the first time.Again, I was *so impressed* with everything about Landis Cyclery. Very friendly and competent employees. Very affordable gear. Thumbs up!
14 gas pumps. I like that! :)Inside, it's your average convenience store.
A decent and affordable Chinese buffet.Come on people, stop complaining!
One issue: This Dunkin Donuts can be hard to find. It's inside the Chevron station with the large car wash operation on the east side of Signal Butte Road (south of Hwy 60).My Dunkin Donuts coffee kicked ass as always. It's so much better than Charbucks coffee.
A great place, no doubt, but with admission at $18 per adult, it has the feel of an expensive tourist trap.  Why pay so much for someone to "show you nature"?My suggestion: Go out and explore the desert on your own.-Hike in the Phoenix Mountains Preserve area. (One of many parks.)-Explore the saguaros and lush desert outside the city. (My favorite region is toward Florence Junction & Superior along US Highway 60.)-Visit a retail cactus farm. (There are many!)Then again, if you're a tourist and don't mind spending the money, go for it.
Make sure you mush as much as you can in your bowl, hee hee. :)A fun and good place for some Asian!
Every Panda Express is amazing, but this one stood out. Very friendly workers. As usual, they offered us samples.A little less seating than the average Panda, but who cares?You're eating yummy Panda Express food!:)
I've used their drive-thru many times. They're quick and competent. And of course, they're coffee is OUT OF THIS WORLD! :)The service inside is a different story. Like one other reviewer wrote, they do tend to be slow and no one else seems willing to help to knock down the line. It can be frustrating. If time is a factor, I'd go with the drive-thru.
Good and upbeat place to dine.Love the southwest burger.Excellent microbrew. (I had the Brew Sun.)Plenty of TV's if you're into watching sports.
A good place to meet with a bunch of friends.Plenty of TV's for watching sports. The food is decent enough.
The very best bike shop I've ever been to. They are so attentive, competent and friendly. I bought my last road bike here... and they were so helpful with helping me choose the right bike for me. After listening, the guy recommended a bike that was less expensive than other bikes I was considering!They also sell reasonably priced cycling jerseys, socks and other items that are typically way overpriced at other shops. All in all, it is a great shop. Also, they're open on Sundays. :)If I lived in Phoenix, this shop on W. Indian School Road would be the ONLY place I would go for my cycling needs.
ASK FOR RICK to be your waiter!!!! He is so warm towards his guests and looks so passionate about his job (or maybe life in general)! My dad, whose trip to the U.S. is his very first one in the Western world, is very picky on the food. I almost gave up hope that he would like any restaurant food I order for him. He doesn't eat beef or lamb, so it narrowed the choices and at least made my life a bit easier. I ordered the Cajun flavor chicken for dad, and surprisingly, he LOVED it.The rest of us got ginger beef and Thai salad. Everything was delicious and especially pleasing because our waiter Rick was awesome. My parents couldn't have better words for him.
This place is OVERRATED!All the sandwiches we ordered (Hawaiian BBQ, chipotle chicken, and Fullmontgu) were just okay. We came because it had 4.5 stars from over 4000 people, but it was so mediocre that it led to deep disappointment.The spicy tuna went bad. We reported to the manager and the service was good. They offered to refund or give us credit for a free sandwich.
We ordered Kalefornia Love, Smoke in a Bowl, Cauli(flower)fire, and STEAKation.Except the Kalefornia Love salad with chicken and portobello was decent, all other dishes were horrible. Smoke in a Bowl and STEAKation burger were totally plain, while the Caulifire was way toooooo salty and spicy. Note that I can eat pretty spicy and I specifically asked them to go light on the buffalo sauce on the cauliflower, since it was for my mom, who prefers less strong flavor.The juices/shakes were good. We asked for Beet It without basil or ginger, and a shake Mr. Green with banana, chocolate and whey protein.I am generally a big fan of healthy food and have been to healthy food restaurants that are way better than this. Maybe it's not a good idea to divide the menu to a "healthy side" vs. a "happy side". You can be healthy and happy at the same time.
Really, really tasty new taco shop. Delicious carne asada, carnitas and al pastor! I will be back again, and again, and again... If you're considering eating here, do yourself a favor and just go and get some delicious food.
Found Debbie on Yelp last week and she was excellent. Very good massage. I will return.
Get the honey chicken wings!!! Just do it. You'll thank me for it. They also gave us Bulgogi sliders for free, which were excellent. Japchae was also delicious. The staff was great and very on top of our table. The food came out so fresh, most times we had to wait for it to cool down a bit before we could even try it. This is a great restaurant with a great atmosphere, service and food.
The food is always great and the owners and staff provide exceptional service and make you feel very welcome. Also, the decor is very inviting and comfortable. I can't imagine any way it could get any better.
I saw the road on the side of the street and had to try it. I lived in Korea for a few years and am always craving the flavors I had there. First thing I noticed was that they have squid dopbap! I ate that all the time when I was in Korea and their version of it was quite tasty. I also had the Spam Musubi (I know this isn't Korean, but it sounded good to me at the time). Honestly, it was probably the best I've had anywhere. The service was very friendly, and maybe it's because they had plenty of time to serve me since I was the only one in there. I really hope that more people find this place and enjoy it.The only drawback for me was that there was a strange smell coming from somewhere. It wasn't evidenced in the food, so I don't think it was the kitchen. Maybe it was from the build out of the restaurant since it's so new, but it was not a pleasant smell at all. Hopefully they get that taken care of. Regardless, it won't keep me from eating there again.
I've been there for lunch and I've been there for dinner. This is my favorite Indian food in Las Vegas. The flavors are all there, but it's not as expensive as many other Indian restaurants in town that I find to have less appealing food.As far as buffets go, their lunch buffet is excellent. They always have several of my favorite Indian dishes available and they keep the warm, fresh, pillowy naan bread coming. The only problem I have is that I overeat every time I come here for the lunch buffet.Last night was my first time trying their dinner menu, and it was so delicious. We started with vegetable samosas which were cooked very well. The had a perfect crisp on the outside and beautifully seasoned potato filling inside. Then for our entrees, I ordered Lamb Vindaloo and my wife ordered Chicken Kurma, and we both ordered garic naan to go with it. (Unlike many other Indian restaurants in town, Mt. Everest doesn't charge extra for rice. I very much appreciated that.). The Lamb Vindaloo was the best I've had. So flavorful! The Kurma was very tasty, but a little too sweet for my tastes. My wife loved it though and couldn't stop raving about it the entire meal. She's already mentioned to me how much she's looking forward to eating her leftovers.Somebody in a previous review seemed to think the fact it's in a building where a Burger King used to be, and in a predominantly Hispanic neighborhood is a bad thing. Me? I don't care where it is or what used to be there as long as delicious food and great service provided. This place has both. The owner even brought us out a free rice pudding for dessert for us to try. I don't think that's standard for all guests, but it was delicious. I would recommend Mt. Everest India's Cuisine to everybody.
Had their Sukiyaki for lunch with prime rib. Broth was delicious, thus so was everything that was cooked in it. Staff was excellent. Very friendly and made me feel very welcome. I will definitely come back here with my wife.
I've read the good. I've read the bad. And I noticed something as I read the reviews. Most of the bad reviews came within a month of them opening. I don't know if they had a rocky start where they were trying to figure everything out, but if that's the case I'm glad I waited until today to try them.I bought a dozen doughnuts for my office which included all the gourmet doughnuts and some of their specialty doughnuts as well. Their cake doughnuts have just the right bite to them, with the sweet potato doughnut being my favorite of this group. And even though they didn't invent the maple bar with bacon on it (some reviewer earlier seemed to hold this against them, as if anybody outside of Voodoo Donuts in Portland shouldn't even be allowed to make them) but they did it justice. To be honest, there wasn't a doughnut that didn't wow me. As for the staff, they were all very friendly, courteous, polite and helpful. Whatever bugs they were working out when they opened, they have taken care of. I will definitely be back...probably much more than I should. P.S. As for the reviewers who complained that most of the doughnuts were gone by 10:00 AM, maybe that says something about the quality of those doughnuts and maybe you should just try to get there before then to enjoy them. They open at 6:00 AM.
Truly delicious. Among the best Al Pastor tacos in Vegas, without the huge lines of other places. The service is friendly and fast. I would have taken photos of the food, but it was all eaten up so fast that there was nothing left to photograph, except empty plates.
I was excited to try this place because I LOVE Korean food, having lived there for a couple of years. I walked in and the interior was very nice and modern with Korean pop music playing, mixed with other pop songs. The waitress was friendly and I was really looking forward to a great new restaurant to tell my friends about.However, the first sign of trouble came when I noticed that they charge $1.50 for kimch'i. I have never, ever, ever seen a Korean restaurant charge for kimch'i. It always comes with the meal, even if the cost is built in to the price, you always get kimch'i with your meal. Seeing that made me realize that there likely would be no other side dishes either, like every other Korean restaurant serves (and there weren't.)The lunch menu is very limited, but reasonably priced. I got the Bibim rice. I've had worse food in my day, but that's hardly a rave review. They make it with a patty on top, which was seared nicely but something about it tasted strange. I would have preferred the traditional way. Also, it does not come with an egg on top, so I had to order that for extra. The meal wasn't terrible, but it rates at the bottom for Bibimpap I've had in town elsewhere. So to sum up: Atmosphere - great. Service - friendly, albeit understaffed. Food - substandard. I likely won't return.
Having lived in Korea for several years, I can recognize and appreciate good Korean food. While it's not exactly like what one would get in Korea, it is very delicious. Probably the best Bibimpap in town, and best side dishes (banch'an). The only thing I've had that was so/so was the ddokguk. I've never had their sushi, so I can't respond to some of the bad reviews of it. But why go to a Korean restaurant if you want great sushi, anyway? For Korean food, it's tough to beat this place.
I wish there were more stars. But, alas, I'm limited to only 5. The food is gourmet quality, the atmosphere is comfortable, and the service is very polite and friendly. One thing to remember while you're there is that this is a tapas restaurant. Hence, the portions are smaller then other restaurant portions. But the important thing is the quality. I've been there three times and have tried new things every time. Everything from the Yakisoba, to the Bibimpap to the 30-hour sous vide pork belly has been sublime. Ryan, the owner, is so friendly and gracious as a host. I brought my two very small children in to the restaurant and he took time out to play with them and make sure they were happy, as well as the parents. If you're reading this review, you should come to this restaurant for truly great food. There's a good chance we'll cross paths there.
I was a previously disgruntled Groupon user who had a bad experience and posted a scathing review on here. However, the new manager eventually responded to my review and asked me to give them another chance, as they've made many changes. It just so happened that the timing of this coincided with a need that I had to get a house cleaned  and ready to sell.I decided to give them another chance, but I didn't want them to know that I was somebody who had posted a bad review on here before. I wanted to know if they really had changed, or if they were just putting on  a good show to get me to change my review.Three cleaning ladies arrived promptly today (early even) and got right to work. They made the kitchen and bathrooms look much, much better than I thought they could. They cleaned out a truly disgusting refrigerator and made it look new. At the end, a gentleman from the company came by to make sure I was satisfied. He walked through the house to ensure that they did a good job. Besides a few minor things that I wouldn't have even noticed, he found that they had done a great job.My opinion of this company has changed 100%. The customer service was great, the cleaning service was great, and the price was very fair considering all the work they had to do. I will definitely hire them again and would recommend them to anyone looking for a great cleaning service.
Without question, this is one of the best dining experiences I've had in Vegas. Professional, delicious, affordable and memorable. If you come here ask for Stephen the chef to give you an experience you won't forget.
I've been going to Kohler Academy (now Penrose Academy) for 7 months and I've slowly started dislike their ability to cut my hair. At first, it was great. I lucked out and found someone with talent, but she graduated a few months later and they've struggled to replicate her success.  Put another way, while the price is very low you really don't know whether or not you're going to get someone that knows what they're doing. Sure, there are "teachers" there watching the students, but the reality is that there are too many students and not enough teachers. If you don't really care that much about your hair and are ok with the inconsistency then I'd recommend this place. On the other hand, if you're somewhat picky about your hair and want it done right then I wouldn't bother with this place. Spring the extra $10 and get your hair cut by someone who isn't learning.
Excellent self-service car wash. Super cheap, clean, convenient and efficient.
Up until this point, I had lived 26 years without ever trying Scandinavian food. It wasn't until this past weekend that I ventured out and tried something different. Beaver Choice, as the reviews suggest, definitely didn't dissapoint. I took a chance on the schnitzel and fell in love immediately. My girlfriend, ordered the meatballs and also loved it. Without a doubt, this place has great food at reasonable prices.If you're looking for something different I highly recommend Beaver Choice.
Couldn't ask for a better tanning experience. My girlfriend and I go here pretty regularly and are always pleasantly surprised each time. Clean beds, great staff, and truly affordable.
Sheli has been an absolute blessing to deal with! By far, she's one of the most creative Realtors we've ever dealt with. Not only did she give us various options when selling our house in a down market, but she also provided attentive service and walked us through the entire process. She definitely knows a lot about the area and her ability to break down concepts to help us see the end goal was invaluable.
By far, this experience was a highlight on our recent Vegas trip. Didn't know what to expect at first, but am so glad we did this. It was definitely a true adventure and an awesome experience. Highly recommended for all.
If you're looking for a reputable firm to do your taxes then look no further. Having worked with several firms across the valley I hold no reservations when referring clients and friends to Metz & Associates. Not only will they impress you with their honesty and integrity, but they'll also keep you informed throughout the process and answer any questions you may have.
I'm so thankful I relied on Yelp to find Dr. Levins in 2012. For the few years, he's been there for me and helped me tremendously. His politeness and knowledge are an absolute blessing. Without question, he's one of the better doctors I've ever seen in my life. Thanks again!
Absolutely gem. Always leave with an EPIC haul when I go here. If you're looking for a great thrift shop then look no further.
Beyond thankful we did not the first quote we were given and reached out to Michael at Arizona Event Rentals. Not only did he save us a lot of money, but he was beyond responsive and did everything he said he would do. Phenomenal price and even better service. Thank you for making our wedding the best day of our lives!
Hidden gem! Seriously, if you're serious about coffee then look no further. The owner, Ron Cortez, is passionate about coffee and stands by his product. Truly refreshing to meet people that believe 100% in their product.
These guys always amaze me every time I bring my car in. In my most recent experience, they were able to take a look at my Jeep and told me that what I thought needed to happen didn't need to happen for another 6 months. Talk about being honest! I will never take my car to another me mechanic. Juve and company are honest, reliable, and super affordable!
If I wasn't forced to leave a star this would be a 0 star review. Bottom line: if you have to buy a car from this dealership you're better off taking the bus. These guys are a joke.
Best lunch spot in the area. Hands down. Beyond thankful to have found this spot. We now have a lunch spot when we are in Phoenix for business.
Fast, affordable, healthy, delicious. What more could you possible want in a restaurant. Highly recommend this spot!
After calling 10 different Upholstery Shops I finally found Sonny's. Not only could they get me in quickly, but they quoted me the best price. If you're looking for great upholstery work at a great price then I suggest you don't look any further.
Had a client meeting cancel and decided to go here for breakfast with my business partner. Without question, this place is a gem. I had the breakfast burrito and it was excellent. Arguably the biggest breakfast burrito I have ever had. I highly recommend this place.
We hosted a professional event here an had a great time! The owner was on top of it. Made sure we had great service, a hilarious show, and an all around great event. Highly recommend this comedy club for a night out or if you're looking to host an event.
Yelpers, It's taken me a year to find this place. Back then, I (wrongly) thought that every haircut was the same, so why not go for the best price?? Trust me when I say that didn't turn out well. Seriously, I've been to just about every haircut place you can imagine in Scottsdale and this one is by far the best. Nodari is hair cutting prodigy. Come here if you're looking for skilled, professional barbers. Thanks again!
I'm so thankful I relied on Yelp to find Dr. Levins. For the past year, he's been there for me and helped me tremendously. His politeness and knowledge are an absolute blessing. Without question, he's one of the better doctors I've ever seen in my life. Thanks again!
Without a doubt, this is the cleanest gas station around. The staff are friendly, courteous, and I freakin' love their beer selection. Keep up the great work!
WOW! These guys are a class act. Not only was I insanely impressed with my haircut, but I was beyond impressed with their customer service and attention to detail. If you're looking for a barber I highly recommend these guys.
FANTASTIC! Such an interesting concept. Highly recommend Focoso if you're up for some amazing pizza.
Let me first start off by saying I am a avid golfer playing close to 100 rounds a year.  With that being said, 21 Greens by far exceeded all my expectations.  The simulator uses actual photographic images which made me feel like I was playing at the St. Andrews Old Course, minus the cold weather, rain, and wind. Amazing! Also, adding to the overall experience is the food and beverage service. Gone are the days of waiting 5 to 6 holes to get a beer refill or snack. At a push of a button, one of the staff members showed up at our golf suite ready to take our order.I can't wait to play the remaining 29 golf courses available.
Look, I ordered a steak and got about five pieces of meat.  It was absolutely delicious, but it didn't appear to me to be a whole steak, and for $45, I would expect one.I also get really tired of having to ask for salt.  Not everyone has the same palate, and yet this chef seems to think I don't need to salt my food anymore than the dinner next to me.  He is certainly not alone but in my opinion this is culinary arrogance.We pulled in but noticed a sign that said "no parking" so we parked across the road, which was clearly marked as a parking area.  That was followed by a long walk to Quiessence only to find there was a closer parking area.There seemed to be only one bathroom with a really flimsy door.  While using it, I could clearly hear the table located next to the bathroom.  Good thing I was quiet.The Cosmopolitan I had was the best.  Steak was good, but portions are miniscule.  I honestly think they take one standard steak and split it.I will not be returning.
If I could give zero stars, I would.  This company is a complete ripoff.We had a number of guests in our house when my wife discovered there was no hot water in the back of the house.  I was out playing in the desert so she called The Sunny Plumber, who arrived shortly after I came home.  He told me one of our water heaters was out and the bull would be $5400 since it was a high efficiency water heater.  He pointed to rust dripping below the water heater and said the internal jacket had failed.  He then said he could put in an electric heater for $2400 but I would have to hire an electrician to wire up 220 V.I own a number of rental properties in Phoenix so I called the woman who works for my real estate company to tell me who we use for water heaters.  She told me it was Harry Roud, who has always done a fantasic job with our air conditioners.  Harry came out within a few hours and within ten minutes told me there was nothing wrong with the water heater, that it was simply a plugged condensate drain from the PVC vent.  He asked if the Sunny Plumber took off the bottom cover; I said, "I don't think so."  Harry then did that and showed me the insulation was perfectly dry and said if the internal jacket had failed, there would be water all over the garage.  He said the rust was from a leaking fitting.  And the check valve the Sunny Plumber said failed was fine.Oh, by the way, I had to shoot Harry an email to tell him to invoice me - so far, no bill.The Sunny Plumber is a complete ripoff.  Anyone who uses them should have their head examined.
I am a real estate investor that owns a lot of properties.  One of my newest tenants had an AC failure and called Williams because he did not want to bother my property manager.  The estimate to fix was over $1000 and parts would not be available until Monday (this was a Saturday night).  He then called her, and she called Harry Roud, who we use for all of our work.  Harry fixed it and billed me $400.02.  A few years ago I had a water heater go out and my wife called The Sunny Plumber - that estimate was over $6K (it is a HE heater).  I called Harry and he showed me the water heater "leak" was actually a plugged condensate line that tripped the blower.  $85 to fix. Call Harry Roud.
My wife and I had our wedding reception at L'Etoile.We had 150 guests.The food was incredible, fresh, delicious, beautiful, Impressive. We have lived in NYC for about 9 years and have had some great meals.  L'Etoile is now at the top of our list.  We are so fortunate to have had that experience on our wedding night.SaladCorn ChowderSteak/Halibut/LasangaWedding cake....made by their own pastry chef, best cake we ever had.French pressed coffeeDelicious wine and drinksAccommodated every request we had.Everything blew us away, as well as our guests. The staff was so great, quick, polite, knowledgeable, helpful, hardworking and calm.The bartenders were unbelievable, at one point 6 of them.The venue is so beautiful.The planning process was so easy.  I can't give L'Etoile and its staff enough praise.  It was a night that we and our guests will never forget.  We thank them for providing such an incredible experience.
Delicious fresh ingredients, taking salads to another level! The spicy pumpkin seeds definitely have a kick! The staff was knowledgeable about ingredients in dressings etc. Whole 30 friendly! I will be back.
Came in tonight for the first time and had an awesome experience. We sat on the back patio, they had the misters on, trees in lights, sound of water in the background ...basically the whole setup they had was legit af. Our server Alissa was awesome, she had us laughing and made sure we were taken care of the entire time (without hovering like some). The food was great, ambiance on point...basically, I'll definitely be back! Thanks for giving us a good night out.
Not too bad... good subs, kinda small though. 5 inches?  A+ Meatball sub tho, well done!
Look, it's by no means "chicago-style" pizza, but hey, it's excellent pizza. They get all the ingredients right, resulting in a damn good slice. And $4.50 for two slices is excellent. Never a wait, interesting toppings for the walk up slices. Great place to stop in for a slice, 5 stars
We were hesitant... Rolled up after dark ... Tired from a lengthy road trip... Exterior was scary.  Interior was delicious.  So glad we were brave enough to walk in.  Amazing menu... Delicious gourmet salsa bar.  Great margarita.  The salsa Fresca with strawberries was incredible... Seating is a little tight, but so glad we discovered this Guy-Fieri-approved 'dive.'  We'll be back.
THANK YOU Dr. Rob for taking such good care of my 6 year old when she needed a tooth pulled today. The actual removal (which seemed scary) went smoothly and taking the time to provide a note for the Tooth Fairy was truly going ABOVE and BEYOND!
The women at Queen's Nails are sweet, professional and skilled at what they do. Kim gave me the best foot massage ever!!Also, can't beat the prices. I will be back next time I am in Scottsdale.
Your Valet guy should be terminated! I turned the corner and saw a parking spot before I even turn my turn signal on this valet driver turns the corner with a truck in front of me and backs into the parking spot I was about to park into. What do you need a valet parker for if his going to park the car 5 cars away from the door?? There should be designated valet parking spots that aren't 5 spots away from the door. Horrible!!! an absolute disgrace!!! Just happened 5 minutes before this post if you want to know who your guy is or if you even care about your customers!!! Complementary valet bec your driver doesn't park get and wants a $5 tip.
Customer service was good; however, if your from san diego or from an area where they serve daytona wings forget about it, cause your not getting it from this location.
Very poor experience - 5 months to be offered $138 for a big green egg grill and two boxes of belongings. Unethical and morally corrupt scratches the surface of their business model.
I have to say I was VERY excited to come here I had such high expectations. First we get there and the line is pretty long which I had no problem waiting but waiting because the employees just have no system going. It was chaos no one was directing customers so the line was at a standstill. After waiting 25min we order and wait another 10 min for them to ring is up. Then finally get back to the room to indulge in our treats and what a LET DOWN!!! I'm not saying it was bad but by no means did it live up to the hype and not worth the wait. I wouldn't go back.
Wish I could give zero stars. This is without a doubt the worst experience I ever had at a nail salon anywhere! I had a 12:00 appointment for a manicure before an afternoon wedding. I was told to wait and after twenty minutes when it became clear I would not have time to wait any longer I politely asked to borrow some polish remover so I could do my own nails back at my hotel. The man who I assume is the owner angrily yelled "No!" WTF? He said "you have to wait. All these people had 12:00 appointments too." Why give so many more appointments than you can accommodate????  TERRIBLE SERVICE!
Usually when you go to a BURGER bar that specializes in BURGERS, they do not bring you what was clearly a frozen store bought burger. When half your name is 145, my medium rare burger should not be well done. When the other half of your name is Bar, I should not give up and order water after 3 of the beers I tried to order were out, which doesn't even include the 5 you already told me you were out of. Also, you only have 1 of the 5 breads on your menu?? This place used to be my favorite, but after my last few visits, I will not be coming back.
Draft beer list is great and food is good. The service is terrible. We have walked out multiple times because we couldn't get service. We even got ignored when we politely tried to ask for service. Grab a beer - don't stay.
We visited Scotch House during our visit in July 2010.  We bought hundreds of US dollars in gift items and they were to ship them to us.  We still have never received that.  If you call the shop, you get an answering machine.  We have received 1 phone call in return from our many messages.  It stated our shipment had been found in a container at the back of a shipping warehouse and our items would be here in 3 weeks.  No such luck.  More phone calls have not been returned.  I am very disillusioned with Scotch House and their customer service.
If I could make food like this I would go vegan. Ive eaten at this place everyday this week (I'm here for work).  I've had the chicken salad  lettuce wraps, the lasagna and the Asian tacos. Everything is delicious.  The service is a little slow becouse they make everything to order but worth the wait.
The cocktails are kinda pricey for Fremont ($9-$10) but well worth it! Awesome gin and tonics and Long Island ice teas! You know you're getting your money's worth which can be hard to find in this city!
Very tasty!!! My boyfriend and I got the daily special, 2 slices and a drink for 5.95. You pick your toppings for .25 each. My bf got bacon and it was VERY bacony! I got mushrooms on one and Italian sausage on the other. The mushrooms were fresh but not quite cooked :/ but the sausage was fantastic! The garlic rolls were delicious and come with a side of marinara sauce, it was awesome!
Place is amazing! Pierogis are delicious! Staff is awesome!! I love the atmosphere! A must try!
Amazing! The food is awesome, the people are kind, and the place is homey. If you need some downright feel-good food this is your place!
I never ever comment or review stuff, but i had to..Service was very good, we entered feeling good, i read the reviews the place seemed fine...but then, the food arrived.We were the only customers in the restaurant, the nigrinis were anything but fresh, the taste was aweful, i didn't even finish half which never ever happens to me with nigrinis. My friend ordered the chicken, which was greasy and filled with nerves, unchewable. The ramen soup tasted like water, it was disgusting. To top it all off, the gyoza had hair INSIDE. They were greasy, unfresh, basically the whole experience was not good.We told the manager about it, he couldn't care less. We had to explain that really, that it was simply unacceptable food, and that we didn't want to pay for the food we didn't even eat. All they did was offer us sake shots, which i couldn't even take because i was already feeling nauseous. And it wasn't just me, my friend as well.So I dont know what this review will do, but never ever go there, i lost my money and felt nauseous the whole remaining of the night.
Can be better if they put bit more attention to finishing foods and customer needs...masala tea is ofcource nor good
Great food must go good for family malai kofta butter chicken is good buffet looks good too cool place in front of Aria just 10 mins walk from bellagio
If I was able to select NO STARS I would!!  This company is horrible.  They offered a coupon for $69 online for 3 rooms.  The guys get there and raised the price to $350 and mind you there weren't any major stains.We went back and forth with them and they finally agreed to do the work for $115.  They finished all 3 rooms in about an hour and gave us the receipt that said $150.  Turns out they got a parking ticket (after they parked their car, right in front of the street sweeping sign)...When we told them we did not agree to $150 they said fine, we will just ruin the carpet.  We needed to go get the apartment manager so that she knew that if any damage was done, it was done by them.I called their main office and told them to call these guys and tell them they had 5 minutes to get out or I was calling the cops.I will be contacting the BBB for a refund on a crappy job and bad service.
I have been wanting to try this place for awhile since I always drive by it on Scottsdale. Finally made it there with a girlfriend on Saturday night.  The service and ambiance were great, however the sushi was only mediocre.  First we had edamame, which was fine, it's pretty hard to mess that up! We then split the ungi roll and and the Stingray roll (which I think is  their signature roll because it was one of the most expensive).  The eel roll was good but the Stingray roll was way too spicy and nothing to write home about.  I have never gone out to sushi and had pieces left over, but we definitely did not finish the Stingray roll.   Anyways, Stingray seems like it would be a good place for  Happy Hour (it always looks happening when I drive by it during that time) but I wouldn't go here again for a sit down dinner. Stingray does have location on it's side though...... After dinner, the bars were just a few blocks away!
Went here on Saturday night......... loved the Christmas decorations and hated the fact that there is only one stall in the ladies restroom!  All in all I really enjoyed the Coach House.  I am more of a fan of bars than clubs so this Scottsdale joint was right up my alley.  Not to mention the Christmas decorations really got me in the holiday spirit.  Drinks were reasonably priced, crowd is pretty laid back, it's a good time!
Stayed here on New Years Eve and it was awesome!Believe or it not I got a room here for $79 using Hotwire.  Having used Hotwire before, I have learned that many hotels tend to put their Hotwire and Priceline guests in the not so nice rooms, however Fairmont gave us a huge room with a really private balcony.  The pool is fabulous with really comfy lounge chairs. The grounds are beautiful, staff is really friendly, fitness center is huge, all around it is a great experience!  For our NYE celebration we went to Stone Rose Lounge in the Fairmont and it is a really fun and classy bar that I would recommend as well!
Last night I went with the fam to J. Alexander's.  The experience was good for the most part (especially since I had a few glasses of wine in me) The atmosphere is upscale, modern, and inviting with friendly service.  We sat in a booth and were all pleasantly surprised that despite the large size of the restaurant, we didn't feel like we had to shout to hear each other. Other yelpers have said this already, but the restaurant reminded me a little of Houston's, however Houston's definitely has J. Alexander's beat in the food category.  We ordered the calamari for an appetizer.  It was pretty tasty, but just a tad on the spicy side and we couldn't figure out if it was the sauce or the batter. Instead of your typical bread rolls, J. Alexander's serves croissants that are to die for and basically melt in your mouth (probably my second favorite part of the meal with the wine obviously taking first!)Sis ordered a Thai salad, mom had the Veggie Burger, Dad had the New York Strip, and I had the special which was a Swordfish on Israeli Couscous.  When our food arrived we all gasped at the size of the portions, they definitely bordered on absurdly too big!  Everything was supersized, I had a side of broccoli and we are talking two WHOLE stalks/trees on my plate!  Taste of the food was so/so, I tried a little bit of everyones and I though all of the food was a little too rich.  For dessert my mom opted for the Carrot cake, and even though I don't really like carrot cake I actually thought it was pretty good.  It had a warm icing on it that was really tasty.To sum it up, the atmosphere is nice, the prices are moderate, the food is okay, but word of advice......don't be afraid to split an entre!
The outlets are great! But please do NOT spend your money at the "go! Calendars and Games" toy store! The owner is horrible to children! My two daughters went to shop while my husband I sat right outside the entrance on a bench on this beautiful day. They are 10 and 13. They were told that they could not be in the store without an adult (no sign said this at the door). When they were told this 'rule' and were walking out slowly - still trying to shop - he yelled at them to "get out of his store - NOW". What an incredible way to treat children at a store aimed at children! He missed out on our business. Today and forever.
Was so excited to eat here!!! Love all the Wahlbergs!! The food was EXCELLENT!! THE customer service was top notch! Thank you Victor for an amazing experience!!!! Will definitely be back on our next trip to Vegas!!! Bring us a Wahlburgers in Seattle pretty please!!!! Much love!!
This bar is rad!  It's weird.  It's cool. It's fun. They have some of the weirdest cocktails you can order (maybe I'm just too California bro), but they all seem tasty! They'll even put a God damned popsicle in your drink for an extra $1. The booths have arcade games built into them which is fun,  they feature the world's tallest claw game,  animals are aloud inside,  crazy decor. Idk man you just have to see it for yourself,  it's like the circus. 4*'s.YT: Erik Wade
I like this bar alot.  It reminds me of home (fern's cocktails, lb).They have a pretty mixed crowd,  which for Ohio is refreshing.  Seeing another not-white person was more refreshing than the drinks,  which we could only order beer until 12am when it was officially Monday, lol. People come here to sing! Karaoke is the main attraction, and wow people are eager to sign up.  Good ole clean fun. 3*'s. YT: Erik Wade
I would've given 5 if I tried the food.  Did they have food? Idk. I don't really remember.  But they have a cocktail called Hulk Hogan which is vodka,  lemonade,  and a bomb pop popsicle in it.....    ....!Sooo..... they also have FREE arcade games!  And lots of selection to choose from! Classics like the Simpson's arcade to weird wtf nes throwbacks like mappy. Also n64 and GameCube games out side in patio area. Idk man but if this isn't a great local hot spot I must be out of my damn mind.... again. 4*'s. YT: Erik Wade
Food is good but they have HORRIBLE service!!! Rude, got my order wrong, and wanted to charge me extra for a mistake they did.
Combination portion is perfect for two, if not too much. Kobe beef is a must try; kalbi is very good too.  Filet mignon is so-so, so is the shrimp.  Kobe beef carpaccio and tuna poki are both very good.  Also ordered a separate steamed egg and the uni Kobe appetizer.  Uni is great.  Steamed egg is the worst I have ever had; way overcooked that I can't even tell it was egg.
Came here looking for an bday outfit...very cute outfits!! Staff extremely helpful!!:)  They also do alterations in house:)
Try the number 10 and 2 with a ton of hot peppers! Makes for a damn good cheese steak!
Paid $10 for 2 hrs of skating with ice skates included!!! Lots of fun..totally recommend it:)
Very late in writing my review for this particular Travelodge. Location is okay because it's almost in the center of the Vegas strip and affordable. BEWARE of room 227 if you're trying to sleep in. We kept hearing the door slam near by where all the housekeepers were. You can hear them talking and laughing while waiting to grab their linen carts. It was just noisy. We weren't able to sleep in at all.
I recently stayed at the this casino for the Evo event. They allowed us to to check in early which was greatly appreciated. Our room was very clean. The staff was also very friendly and helpful whenever we had any questions. I do want to say Thank You to their security and those who found and turned in my license. Thank you very much again.
This was probably the best restaurant I have ever eaten breakfast at. The bread was fresh, the selections on the menu were amazing. They have everything from omelettes to pancakes and fresh pressed juices. It is very vegetarian friendly as well. I had the smoked salmon eggs Benedict.....it was delicious. I highly recommend First Watch. I will definitely be back.
If you're looking for the absolute best, Trevor is who you've been looking for!We knew we wanted to buy a house in 2017 and started talking with Trevor and his lender well over a year ago. Despite the fact that we weren't going to be doing business with him for over a year, he went out of his way to meet with us for coffee and discuss market trends, our wishlist, and get to know us and our baby daughter. He tailored our MLS search for us and made frequent modifications to the list as our preferences changed (and they changed a lot!). In one week he drove out to Gilbert three times in rush hour traffic to meet us (only for us to walk in and quickly walk out of most houses). His patience never waivered. He reassured us that this was the process and exactly what he expected. When we found THE house, he negotiated our offer in such a way that we got the house we wanted in a competitive market with the first offer! He was there 24/7 with questions/concerns during the inspection and appraisal process and has even continued to be there after closing to help with minor repairs. Trevor goes above and far beyond my expectations for a realtor. If you need someone to help you get your dream home, trust me, he is the one! I know we're living in ours because of him :)
Lindsay is a phenomenal newborn photographer! I've always loved her style, and I knew once our little girl arrived she would be the one to take our memorable newborn/family photos. I am so grateful that we hired her because she was beyond patient with my little girl who needed a little more time and TLC to get the best shots. Her studio is warm, comfortable and inviting with top of the line equipment geared just for beautiful newborn photos. She welcomed my parents to the shoot too and allowed my husband and I to relax while she managed our little girl with grace. She's very responsive and easy to work with. We will use her for all our future newborn photos without a doubt! You should too....You won't be disappointed!
I've had dinner here several times. After my lunch experience today I am not sure I will ever return.For starters I was  charged a dollar for a TO GO order. I highly dislike being charged  for the few steps I took on my own accord to pick up my food. I understand charging for a delivery fee. However, I walked from literally next door. And, when I placed the order not once did they mention there'd be a charge.I ordered with at least fifteen minutes notice of when I needed the food and was told my order would be ready for pick up within ten minutes. Upon my arrival not only was there no greeter at the door, my food had not yet been prepared. As I am on a limited amount of time for lunch this was an inconvenience.I ordered the Brie grilled cheese sandwich. It should be renamed to a grilled bread with mushrooms, onions and perhaps some cheese sandwich. I paid good money for a sandwich that did not have much of the main ingredient-cheese.I was highly disappointed and WILL NOT be ordering lunch there again.
We stayed there 12/27-30 for my cousin's wedding (that was there and georgous!) and had a blast! Rooms were very nice and comfy and the staff was great, especially the room cleaning crew. Everytime we came across a maid in the hall, they always smiled and made a point of saying hello. The staff that cleaned our room even decorated one bed with our daughters stuffed animals and toys, which she loved. Another huge plus was that I completely forgot a whole drawer of clothes when packing to leave. It wasn't until a week later that I realized they were missing and when I called the Lost & Found, they had everything (the staff's honesty speaks volumes these days)! Lydia at the Lost & Found was VERY helpful in getting my items and having them shipped out to me.The hotel had everything there so we never needed to leave...highly recommend the irish pub, Ri Ra!! If we needed to leave, the free tram was perfect to get to the bridges to hit the strip.We will definitely stay there in the future!!
We stayed at the Mandalay Bay hotel 12/27-30 and went here for breakfast and had such amazing food and service we ended up only eating here for every meal the rest of the trip.  We were with our whole family for a wedding and this ended up being everyone's restaurant of choice...plus we directed a couple strangers looking for a good restaurant mid-day to here and saw them there.The food, staff, entertainment, overall vibe of this place is amazing!! A special thank you to the waitress from HB (forgot her name :-( ) that is a trainer for them.
The chocolate sorbet is tasty here! They have a great selection of gelato which always appears to be fresh. The interior design is trendy and clean. Staff is friendly and professional, always feel welcomed here. This place is a must try if you like gelato
Pleasant chill spot tucked away in Chinatown. Reminds me of dessert cafes in City of Walnut. Small business, comfortable atmosphere with hipster style decorations. Appears one person is working the counter while tending the tables and assume making the desserts. Definitely a place for younger people yet friendly for mid 30's peeps like me. I see myself coming back for another try.
This is a great authenticate Mexican food restaurant. The food is good but the place is a little run but overall a god eat!
While in Vegas we stopped by a place called Rosemary's Restaurant. Despite being located in the back of a tacky strip mall, Rosemary's was quite an elegant place to dine. The waiters brought by a black napkin to match my black pants (and refolded the napkins every time one of us got up from our chairs.) The lunch special included a choice of appetizer, main and dessert.Everything was delicious. For appetizers we tried the Texas BBQ Shrimp with Maytag blue cheese coleslaw: a healthy serving of shrimp with a tasty BBQ sauce. The blue cheese coleslaw was fresh and went perfectly with the shrimp (think buffalo chicken gone gourmet.) The salads were also excellent, the mixed baby greens tossed in a champagne vinaigrette with smoked salmon, quail egg, capers, house-made cucumbers, and drizzles of saffron aioli, was delicious as well as the arugula, endive and radicchio salad with Maytag blue cheese, Riesling poached pear, toasted hazelnuts and port wine syrup. I highly recommend both options.The vegetarian main of fresh mozzarella and slow roasted tomato stuffed eggplant "packages" with roasted red bell peppers, green olive relish, and smoked tomato butter sauce was a little disappointing. The eggplant hadn't been cooked long enough and was a bit tough and bitter. Still, the smoked tomato flavor was really delicious. The creole seasoned shrimp with Anson Mills Carolina cheesy quick grits, Andouille red bean sauce, and grilled green onion was amazing. The smokiness of the Andouille went really well with the dish. All the portions were large and it was difficult to conceive of dessert.Even so, we finished our meal with the rustic apple tart with caramel sauce, candied walnuts and cinnamon ice cream, as well as a selection of sorbet (made in-house.) All were very good, with the apple tart being particularly delicious.Rosemary's is on the pricey side, so I would recommend getting the lunch deal (and arriving hungry!)
While on holiday in Vegas, we stopped by the gorgeous Bellagio Hotel. Filled with freshly cut orchids, and covered with gorgeous mosaic tiling, this place was decadence to behold. In the lobby one can look up to larger-then-life hand blown glass flowers by Dale Chihuly.And of course, a true world-class resort is not complete without its own World Pastry Champion. Stop by and see the work of Chef Jean-Philppe Maury. Be dazzeled by the floor-to-ceiling glass chocolate fountain, or the beautifully crafted chocolates, pastries, cakes and crepes. My personal favorite was the elegant strawberry tart: bright, fresh berries sliced atop a thin, swirly macaroon and light vanilla cream. Yum!
The idea is simple: serve USDA prime, and choice steaks with a signature marinade, cooked over mesquite charcoal. Austins Steakhouse, located at Texas Station in North Las Vegas, really knows how to make meat taste good.Having a vague idea of just how much food they serve around these here parts, we inquired about the special of the evening: a pepper encrusted roast beef. The waiter informed us that the cut was about 2 pounds worth of meat. TWO POUNDS. That's a lotta cow. Not ones to shirk our duties as true meatotarians, we ordered the roast, along with a side of the Austin's potatoes and the spinach and mushrooms.The roast beef, was in a word, DELICIOUS. The meat was amazingly juicy and tender, flavorful from the crushed pepper rub, and in such vast quantities that the three of us could only finish 3/4 of the plate. It also went quite well with the pile of twice-cooked (fried) potatoes and the surprisingly good combo of sauteed spinach and fresh shitake mushrooms. Additionally we had the deliciously crisp Caesar salad, which came with a classical dressing and parmesan tuile. The quality of the salad was a cut above anything I have ever had in Boston. Sad, but true. For dessert we went for the molten chocolate cake - something I can easily make myself, but still couldn't turn down.My advice: skip the starch and go for the steak and vegetable options. They may fly the produce in from California, but it arrives on your plate, crisp, flavorful and perfectly cooked.In addition to some fabulous steaks, Austin's also serves a fine selection of sustainable seafood. Maybe next time...
Before our red-eye flight home, we stopped at a small restaurant off-strip called, Todd's.For appetizers, we tried the Malaysian BBQ Shrimp, cucumber salad and johnny cakes, and the Asian dumpling pan fried soy dipping sauce. Both were relatively unimpressive. The shrimp were tasty and perfectly cooked, but the flavors did not meld well with the slightly chilled corn cakes (dry and not particularly flavorful.) The dumplings were good but nothing special.The real surprise came with the main courses. The South African Sea Bass with artichokes and caper butter was PERFECTLY cooked, delicate, delicious and amazing enough to stand alone (I actually think the artichoke caper sauce was a bit too overpowering for such a fantastic filet of fish!) The salmon dish was phenomenal, perfectly cooked and served on a bed of sticky rice. The pan seared day boat scallops with pistachio and brown butter were also amazing, perfectly cooked, tender and sweet. The fire-grilled Kobe Skirt steak with spicy black bean and chili sauce was AMAZING. The steak was juicy, tender and melt-in-your-mouth delicious. The chili fries were a nice pairing, and the Chinese black beans added a salty twist to this fantastic dish.Todd's: go for the mains and you can't go wrong.
Very nice little cafe. They have a simple menu with about 30 items on hand and they all seem great. There is  Something for everyone at this cafe.  I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich and it caught me off guard at first because the breast was sliced up into pieces on top of the bun, but I then I took a bite and again I was caught off guard... It tasted great!  well seasoned and juicy. The fries I got with the sandwich were great too.  I was just visiting from Los Angeles for a few days and this cafe caught my eye and I was impressed with all the Chicago spirit and most importantly the food!
We were just there on Friday night - June 15th. I went with a few other girls as part of a bachelorette party.  Because of a combo deal coupon with the Thunder Down Under tickets we bought, we really didn't pay all that much for the 3 course meal we received (like less than 10 dollars a person!). I am grateful for that, because if I had paid the regular price, I would have flipped my lid.Three girls ordered steak, one ordered the salmon, and I ordered the chicken rotisserie. All these came with starter salads and dessert. The basket of bread was good - in particular their cranberry whole wheat.My mixed salad was overdressed with blue dressing. It became a soggy mess, and I had to put it aside.  The girls said their steak was very good, but wouldn't call it excellent. I tried a piece of one girl's salmon, but I found it a bit too salty for my taste. She said she enjoyed it.  My chicken was moist, a bit salty, and I found the portion huge - at least for two people. I could not finish it. It was not very memorable - I've had that chicken elsewhere.  A strange thing was that there was no side to the protein on our plates, other then one small vegetable (mine was a roasted onion with a dried herb stuck into it).  Potatoes? Rice? Hello?The dessert was a choice between chocolate cake (I can't recall exactly, but I think it had a molten chocolate center) and creme brulee.  I chose the latter. Looked fine, but was rather bland throughout.I'm giving it two stars for the moistness of the chicken and roasted onion (despite the missing side).  For this caliber of restaurant, the food should have been much better. There was a high level of immaturity to the meal, and I'm disappointed with the chefs.
If there was a "negative stars option", this place would take the cake. The pictures of the girls looked great. But that's all we got to see. Myself and a group of friends came to Vegas to celebrate my best friends Bachelor party. Booked a few days ahead of time and kept in contact until the day of. On that day, I made sure everything was still good to go. She assured me that they would be there.  Sadly, no girls ever showed up. On top of that when I said I was going to write a negative review, based on the lack of professionalism, the owner threatened to sue me and called me a "d-bag" multiple times. It ruined my friends bachelor party and wasted a lot of money upgrading my room to accommodate for the show. BOOK WITH CAUTION.
I've never been more disgusted by the state of a taco bell. I've gotten sick there twice and I'm never going back to this one. When I walked in it smelled like something burning. Half of the restaurant was closed off by trash cans. You could see how unclean the kitchen was. And the employees were so rude. They were careless with how they prepared my food. Flicking it together and letting food scraps drop on the floor. Now I like taco bell a lot. I would eat there all the time if I this taco bell wasn't so terrible.
This was our favorite lunch spot during our entire trip to Montreal.  The sandwiches were huge and packed with meat on incredibly soft bread, with lots of toppings available.  The espresso was fantastic and they even have imported beer and wine.  Really nice inside, quiet, plenty of seats and the prices were very reasonable.  Tons of handmade chocolates too.
Coming to this place almost four years as they do their job everytime wonderful. Always exceeding the expectation. Mercy, Mina, and Muna are putting up their skills for any eyebrow making the way you want. Believe me you will be happy every session you go through with them. No mistakes. All fabulous!
Love these sandwich everyday. Even though they don't offer chicken, they offer so much selection of turkey, beef, vegi, and tuna.
Do they charge everyone $76 for a simple mani/pedi? I told my nail technician I was from Chicago and I think she glanced at my purse and just threw out that price to see if she could get away with it. Stunned, I paid $76 and tipped $10 because, being non-confrontational to strangers, I didn't know what else to do. I sat there for the next 15 minutes stewing while she finished painting my nails and searching for a website on my phone looking for listed prices (nothing was posted on the wall and of course they don't have a website). I feel extremely ripped off and taken advantage of and don't know where else to report this. On top of that It took longer than 2 hours and I reeked like dollar store lotion. Couldn't have been a worse experience. $76 for something that lasts a week. Just awful Nails.
The girl on the phone was uninformed about the prices. She never told me there was a delivery charge. Since we never order from there we didnt know about it. After my card was charged thats when I found out. When i called back to ask for peppers and cheese another lady informed me they would be 1.50 for each. That to me is crazy. I also told her about my aother call she said she was the manager and she was like Oh... She really said Oh. I left for the evening and when I returned the pizza and cheese bread only had 2 slices missing. My teenagers told me it was nasty. Said it tasted raw and old. We will never order from Dominos again. Very unhappy with them.
My family wandered in to check it out after dinner.  We had no intention of buying anything, but after sampling different teas, we walked out with four bags of amazing tea.  Leo, one of the owners, treated us very graciously and we plan on returning.
I was here in Feb of 2009, so I don't know if this place is still open or not.  I guess I came too early in the evening, (on a Saturday night) and I don't remember if I paid a cover or not, but I think I did.  But the place was deserted. (10pm-ish.) Practically deserted and DARK..I could hardly see anything except the pool table.  I had a drink and wandered around. From what I could see,  I liked the decor and thought the couches and drapes were cool.  I had a Vodka drink-it was ok.  The few people I did see seemed cliquey, druggy and were really odd, and unfriendly. I just didn't get a friendly vibe at all.  The one bartender seemed like a snob and I don't remember the music being anything special.  So I finished my drink and went back to the Buffalo.  Maybe it would have been more fun with friends. All in all -the experience was shallow and unfriendly.
Ok..so my gf  RAVED about this place, and we went for lunch.  I was excited! I had a big fry bread taco. The bread was thick, and good, but the stuff inside the taco lacked any real flavor or distinctive taste.  Bland --and nothing interesting.  It basically was fried bread with lettuce, meat, beans and some shredded cheese slapped in it.  Very filling, and I got fed.  I really wanted it to taste good because my gf was all into it.  By the time we were done,  I really wondered if she needed taste bud implants.  I would try other things next time, but I know flavor --and The Fry bread house just didn't have it.
I've been coming here since the very early 90's, and I rarely ever came here for the food, I can tell ya that.  I came here dressed to the nines with good friends to have a drink, and to admire the amazing Art installations. To people watch, flirt and *be seen*, ya dig?  Maybe catch a glimpse of a celebrity in town. (This is not a fine dining experience, if that is what you are expecting, I'd recommend the Biltmore, up the road a little, baby.) The food reminded me of a decent corporate chain akin to perhaps a Chili's or TGIFriday's. And that's cool, because AZ88 has always been one of the very few enduring staples for adventurous Scottsdale nightlifers.  Arizonans with open minds gather here to talk the latest Art, music, culture, gossip and politics. They have always showcased incredible Art here to dazzle and mesmerize the eyes.  This is a must see for anyone visiting Scottsdale for the first time.  So if you *are visiting*, get dressed in your best, and head over any night (Saturdays about 8ish were when I usually popped in) and be prepared to experience some enchanting excitement and laid back fun at this gleaming, decadent desert Oasis.( I have a thousand memories of AZ88 and not one of them bad. (Naughty, yes, *bad*, no ;)  Remember: "Hot not humid."
I've been coming here for years, and I've always had great service and delicious food.  It's always a fun, chic and cozy environment.  Deidre, the owner, has always gone out of her way to  make sure we had a wonderful experience. I'm not a Thai snob, nor know a great deal about "authentic" Thai food, but everything I've ever eaten here was absolutely mouthwatering and unique.  I now live in New Orleans, but have friends back in Scottsdale who still bring out of town guests to Malee's, and the favorable reports keep coming!   My all time **favorite** treat at Malee's are the "Thai Sticks!"  Succulent, huge, jumbo shrimp wrapped and fried in noodles.  Apparently, they have taken them off of the menu years ago,  but brought them back, "limited edition" style.  Catch them early in the day!  Apparently they are a bit complicated to make and must be prepared the night before.  Ask for them to keep them popular!
First bite was a winner! Chicken katsu melted in the mouth and the bulgogi tender and tasty. Will definitely return.
As compared to other old-schooled hotels in Vegas such as Bellagio, Mirage, Encore is quite new and modern. I like their red decoration and the theme of butter flies throughout the hotel. The room is spacious and nice. We tried a few restaurants in the hotel, all of them were quite good, though on the pricey side. The casino is nicer than the other older casinos in town. The service at the casino was good. We also did spa during our stay. The spa was expensive, but it was really good. The facilities were well designed and incredible. The spa lobby was quite stunning. However, we had to wait in line pretty much everywhere, oh well, this is Vegas. Also, they made a mistake on our spa charge upon check-out. The receptionist was a bit rude as well, even though in the end she corrected it. Overall, we had a good stay there.
We arrived in Vegas late on a Friday night, right after we checked into Encore, we had a late dinner at the Lakeside. We were sitting at a table with the view of the artificial lake. There was some waterfall and lighting show right above the lake. It was quite a visual pleasure during dining. We ordered the seafood platter and some small appetizers. They were really good. On top of it, the wine concierge recommended a white wine that went well with our pallet and our food. Big applause for him. We were really happy with the meal and the service.
The spa lobby was quite stunning. We were blown away when we walked in. It was like a palace!We first used their facilities, which was quite impressive. There were different lounges of locker rooms, private changing rooms, waterfall showers, heated patio stone chairs. We booked the massage last minute, they were able to accommodate us, which was nice. We had a couple massage there. The massage was good. I almost felt asleep during the treatment. I have to take off one star because it was pretty expensive---$180 for 50 minutes for each person.
We stayed at Encore during our Vegas trip, we tried a few restaurants within the hotel, Society Cafe was one of them. We went there for brunch. We got seated right away. I liked the interior very much such as the black and white floral velvet drapes, the checker styled flooring, the dark leather booth. It had this classy retro feel to it. We ordered the crab benedict, choice of three omelette, and the french toast. All of them were excellent. The coffee was good as well. The food was well prepared and not too greasy. The waiter provided us with very attentive service. We were definitely satisfied.
We decided to pick Bellagio buffet because of the Yelp review, however, after trying it, we weren't impressed. We were there early for dinner to avoid the line, however, we still waited for 20 minutes. I was told it could've been worse.  There was a large selection of food, but very few ones really stood out. We liked the steamed mussels with the spicy sauce, the salmon sashimi, and some small side dishes. I was especially disappointed at the crab legs, they weren't as fresh and they were quite small. It was a let-down to me. The dessert were mediocre as well. I didn't try the meat dishes, since I am not a fan of poultry dishes. The interior was a bit old and crappy. It was certainly not the modern and classy design we would hope for. The price was alright. The service was quite slow. The wine was okay, though. Overall, we were not impressed with the food and service there.
We booked the limo service for our weekend trip in Vegas with the intention of not waiting in line for taxi. We offered them our flight information and gate information ahead of time during booking.However, the driver was late. We waited for more than 30 minutes. What is the point of spending more than double of the taxi fare while still needing to wait! This kind of service was not acceptable. I would not use their service in the future.
We were staying at Encore, and had an afternoon flight to catch, we decided to have something small and quick. La Cave was the perfect choice. They offer tapas-styled dishes in the afternoon. We ordered the jumbo lump crab lettuce cups, which was incredibly delicious. Very light and well-flavored. There was so much fresh crab meat in the lettuce cup. Awesome!We also ordered the chilled taylor bay scallop and fiery artichoke, roasted pepper pizza, they were both yummy. The wine we ordered were quite satisfactory. Service was great. We were sitting outside the patio overlooking the pool area. The weather was warm, nice, and breezy. It was quite an enjoyable late afternoon/early evening dining experience.
A michelin experience of good food, but terrible service, which left me no choice but giving Picasso a two star. We had a weekend stay in Vegas and booked a dinner reservation at Picasso on Saturday night before our show in Bellagio. The deco was a bit dark and heavy, but I did like the flower arrangements throughout the restaurant. They offered a few menu options. We were mostly interested in the fixed menu and the prix fixe menu. We could select each course our of a few options. We were all satisfied with pretty much all the courses we ordered. Everything was good, I was especially impressed with the foie gras and the pigeon entrees. However, the quality food was tainted by the poor quality of service. The lead server (his name might be Jose). He was rather pushy when I was contemplating if we should ordered the sea bass as the third course, even I picked the Turbot for my main course. We ignored the initial rudeness. When finished all our course and ready to ordered dessert. I decided to skip dessert, but  other guests in my diner party did. Then Jose (assuming that's his name) brought me a dessert I didn't order. I told him I didn't order dessert, he said he picked this for me, since dessert is included. Then I said had I known the dessert is included, I'd wished he could have communicated that information to me so that at least I could pick one I liked or my friends liked. He got very angry and impatient. He said "do you want to change the dessert" with a very condescending tone. "It'd take 15 minutes".  I told him not to bother. Besides the unpleasant scenarios with this particular waiter. We also noticed other unprofessional service. e.g. waiter at other table dropped the menu on the ground accidentally. Another server of ours made a mistake of swapping the two dishes my friends ordered. I was quite surprised that this place has two michelin stars given the service was stunningly terrible. The service staff is obviously not properly trained how to treat customers right. This is possibly the worst service I've had in all the michelin star restaurants I've been to.  They definitely didn't provide me with Picasso level of art in terms of service.
While the shop was dead for a Sunday, but it was Father's Day I guess...My pedicure turned out very nice! Plus the 20%off for using yelp app!  When I went to pay, they said they were not running that coupon but still took it off for me. Ill be coming back.
I would have to say, as a retired hairstylist, I am very picky about my hair!  Not only did Ale brighten my balatage up, and gave me baby hilights, she listened and recommended what she knew was best for me! And just a dusting of a hair cut is Exactly what I wanted!! That's my kind of stylist.... one who listens and teaches!    Excellent! Tre bien! Bon!
I try to always find the "positive" in things. For instance the first time we came to this place we had great service and the food wasn't all that bad. It was a great little spot to enjoy an early dinner. Well sadly that was the one and only time. It was a nice illusion and worked on us. Eventually we wandered back into this place and well the smoke and mirrors came tumbling down. Firstly, there's never anyone at the hostess stand. I've never seen more than 5-8 tables max in this place. At first it confused me but now I see why. As someone who has lived the server lifestyle you can only imagine how much it makes me cringe to be sitting and waiting for over 10 mins for someone to take a drink order. There's no leadership no communication or any type of team work in this place. It seems like everyone on the staff moves at their own pace. If there's only 5 tables why does it take you 20 mins to get my drink and food order? As someone who knows the "server life" pretty well it really makes me sad to see the staff function here. What about the food you ask? Dry, salty, almost inedible. Garlic rosemary wings is plain wings with garlic powder and dried rosemary sprinkled on top. It legit tastes like nothing but garlic powder. It's understandable now why this place is always empty. Their staff have no sense of urgency or seem to care too much about making money. Their food is a salt bomb mess. I'm sorry Hurricane but we are officially done.
Absolute best fresh spring rolls in the greater Phoenix area! I have tried every spring too in a 10 mile radius of here & they are hands down the lightest, fluffiest & most tasty ones around. Never tried out, funny or chewy. Always perfect! They know gluten free too! They have an extensive gluten free menu too. Try the Arizona fried rice! I don't know what or how they do it but the tofu is amazing. Their chili oil is actually spicy too.An absolute must try place!
Don't go to get take out! They serve the people at the tables 1st & not in the order they came in & ordered. When I got there & ordered the tables were all full. 3 tables cleared & refilled. 2 tables cleared & refilled. All the 5 tables that had filled after I ordered had all eaten & left & I still didn't get my food to go. 4 more tables came & went by the time I got my order.All I ordered was vegetarian spring rolls, a side of white rice & a side of vegetables. (Which he looked at me like I was crazy to ask for sides of rice & veggies. when it was clearly listed under "sides" in the big menu he gave me)Im going to go out on a limb & guess that in a Vietnamese pho restautant that turns out tons of soup & rice dishes that the rice & vegetables are cooked well in advance so will only need to be placed into containers. Spring rolls are appetizers & quickly made...so I am not sure why I was there for an hour waiting for food.The food when I got it was mediocre at best. The spring rolls were dried & rubbery at the ends. The veggies & rice were what you would expect they were fresh & not over cooked. I was hoping the food would be phenomenal due to my wait but sadly it was not worth a 10 minute wait & so certainly not worth the hour I wasted waiting for it. I will never go back. Just before I left I started talking with the other "forgotten to go man"  who came in about 15mins after I got there. He had been there for over about 45mins still waiting. I bid him good bye & hoped he didn't have yet another 20 mins of waiting.The trick is they get you to pay before you get your food. I would have left if he didn't already have my money.The other to go man & I should have been given our money back for the wait & gotten free drinks or given coupons for free meals next time.I understand it was lunch rush but you take orders as they come in the order they come in. You do t give special treatment to in house diners & leave your to go peep standing in a corner. The reason I get to go food is because I don't have ti.e to dine in.If you own a restaurant you shoud understand busy times & get the help you need for those times. If you are short staffed explain there might be a wait time before you take an order. With about 8-10 Vietnamese restaurants in a 2 mile radius it isn't like I don't have other options. I'm sure the other to go man will also go to one of the other choices too.
Great kombucha & cold brew coffee on tap. The only place that understands not to put city water ice into their kombucha (the chemicals kill the probiotics) Nice staff. Really good peaceful energy here. Lots of places to plug in your computer & phone. The only problem here is their card machine doesn't have a tipping option
This is one of my favorite lunch time haunts. This is a small mom & pop place so it is quaint & personal. The owner & staff are always polite & helpful. They cater to my maximum spicy overload! I love, love, love this place! This is right on the light rail & easy to get to.A lot of great vegetarian & gluten free choices! You have to try my personal favorite, the Paneer Tikka Masala! If you are a spicy addict like I am... DO NOT... I repeat DO NOT pass by the marinated spicy onions on their condiment bar. They are AMAZING!! Yummmm! Did mention they have a fantastic buffet too? ...the best eggplant, a must try! Yummy rice pudding.Another awesome bit of info...they don't close down in the middle of the day like most Indian restaurants do. They are open whenever the craving strikes!
Was excited about trying a new place but was sadly disappointed. The omlet was super watery, half raw & runny. It sat in a pool of its own liquid which seeped under the potatoes. More soup that omlet.My hubby had a soupy omlet also.The coffee tasted like band-aids.
WORST SPRING VEGETARIAN ROLLS EVER! I jave had spring rolls at places all over the valley & i have to say this was HANDS DOWN was the worst i have ever had. Super rubbery & so loosely rolled so filling wont stay in.  Only had noodles & iceberg lettuce inside. Are you telling me that a vietnamese restautant can find vehetables, tofu & herbs for their pho soup but can't put any inside a $4.50 spring roll? I was charged the same as the meat versions but only got some iceburg lettuce...the worst kind of lettuce on earth!The vietnamese coffee was tasty but was only a mouthful of it in the cup. I get vietnamese coffee around tbe valley too & know that it is more than a shot of coffee in a huge cup of ice. NEVER GOING BACK!2 ORDERS OF SPRING ROLLS & A SHOT OF COFFEE OVER $13! I could have bought 6 packs of spring roll papers & about 3 pounds of herbs & veggiesfor that price!
MY TOTAL FAVORITE JAMBA JUICE IN THE ENTIRE VALLEY!The staff are quick with a smoothy & a smile. They always get my order perfect. It is like a cup full of sunshine. You can tell the staff enjoy working together...they have fun so it makes for a fun pleasant experience. Keep up the great work!
If you like baba ghanoush then you will LOVE this one! Best baba I have ever had! From the texture to the subtle seasoning then right into the little bits of garlic...Yummmmmm! Definately on my favorite places list.
I love this place! Best gluten free pancakes. Since it is too hard to choose a pancake flavor...take the pancake flight...3 smaller pancakes so you can have more than 1 flavor. Yes they also have goat cheese h fresh pabano chilies to add to your food! My hubby had the eggs Benedict with quinoa patties instead of English muffins. It was almost too pretty to eat. There was a balsamic drizzle on top of the cream cheese hollandaise.  Yummmmmmmy!Great coffee, service & adorable retro atomic atmosphere.
I wish I could give this place negative stars!Great place to do your laundry if you want to watch your clothes spin in a dryer & never dry while surrounded by homeless people dealing drugs all around you. We literally just watched a drug deal. They didn't even try to hide it. Guy walked up exchanged some crack rocks for whatever the girl went behind the building to trade him....hmmmm. one can only speculate. After she came back they then cleaned & filled their pipe & went out back. The dealer listens to loud music & dances in the parking lot.Another lady digging through the inside trash.A man h his dog sleeping under a table.I feel dirtier having been here. Too scared to use carts or tables worried I might contract something.Should find a new name for it cuz clean it is not & clean livin isn't what the people are practicing
Not enough stars in the rating to say how good Michelle is!! I am constantly getting compliments on my hair. Michelle does such a good job I don't have to spend a lot of time in front of the mirror doing my hair. I wouldn't trade her for any other hairstylist!!!
This is the cleanest laundromat in the area! The staff is nice and helpful. They offer FREE ICE WATER to customers. All the equipment actually works and is clean. Music isn't blaringly loud. Machines are inexpensive also...and did I mention it is clean!?!
I used to go here all the time. It is fast, cheap and close to work. It also had gluten free vegetarian soup....Until they got new management!!! The new management decided to discontinue the gluten free option, ultimately disenfranchising those of us with gluten allergies!! You lose my business & many more customers with similar issues. If it isn't broken don't fix it!! That is alright I will & have taken my business elsewhere & have encouraged others to do so.
My first dinner in Edinburgh and one of the best meal I had.Katie's Diner was one of the highest selections of my long, long list of places I wished to try to get a meal.After reading the few reviews on Yelp I was almost sure that I would have liked it.A wee, cosy, relaxing, nice place with a warm atmosphere granted by the welcoming owner (and also by the customers, I would say). All this I was expecting and I found it all in an early Thursday evening.Moreover, the wonderful view across the Meadows, reaching Arthur's Seat on the other side was a plus that I enjoyed in a very special way, on entering the Diner.The sirloin was really good. I asked for a medium-rare cooking and it was perfectly done. The salad was fresh and tasty as well.A very nice time spent in a very nice place. I went away with the feeling that nothing could have gone in a better way.
The Castle is like a gem nestled on the scepter of the town.It was my first day in Edinburgh and, after a quick visit to the Princes Street Tourist Office to collect some useful infos, I walked straight to the Castle. I knew that it was a little pricey, but it's such a relevant part of the history of Edinburgh and of Scotland that I never considered the idea to complaint about it. Moreover, I would have restored the budget a few hours later, visiting the beautiful (and free) National Gallery.This place looks like a miracle of architecture and willingness. Every single stone had to be posed challenging the volcanic rocks rising everywhere. Sometimes it is almost impossible to see where the nature of the place ends and the buildings start.It's by far smaller than other castles I've visited in the last years, but its witchery is by no means less than the castles of Prague or Budapest, to name a couple of largest "brothers".The wee Chapel, the honours of Scotland, the uneven path leading to the main buildings keep the whole place alive under your feet and your eyes. The wind adds an epic flavour to the experience and the wonderful views over the town and towards the Forth Bridge, are unforgettable.Yes. I payed 16 pounds to get in, but after this visit I felt by far richer :)
Legs' paradise!My first day in Edinburgh was a tough one for my legs. The - Meadows - Royal mile - Princes street and garden - Castle - Grassmarket - National Gallery - Buccleuch St - Bruntsfield - connection was part of my walking task. At night, they were looking for some rest, but my eyes and mind were too amazed to go to sleep. An internal agreement was reached when I recalled about the Dominion. The old-stylish building was easily recognizable from Morningside Rd.I asked the ticket counter for the next available movie. There were "Oblivion", but it was sold out (anyway, I don't like Tom Cruise as an actor, so I didn't complain :) and "Side effects" that would have started within a few mins.Let's go that side!The place looked cosy and comfy at first sight (especially my feet's first sight, I might add). Just a few rows of huge sofas with plenty of space and stools to keep your legs on. I didn't buy anything at the bar, since I was coming from Katie's Diner, but rushed to my seat to get off, rested and grateful, only at the end of the film! A perfect happy end for a beatiful day.
What an astonishing combination of wee stalls and great products!Between the two smallest cafees on wheels I've ever seen, there's a real heaven for food lovers (like me). The cheese selection was amazing and very tempting. If I lived in Edinburgh I had surely tried every single flavour, saturday after saturday. And what about honey? or jam? or smoked fish? You must go there to understand and to keep in your mind and heart (and bag) your preferred bite of happiness.My first stop to eat something on site was at Porridge Stoat's Bar. I had only seen porridge in some tv fiction or movie and it was almost always depicted as the best ingredient of a tasteless breakfast. But I wanted to try by myself...and soon I felt pampered by its smooth and delicious flavour. I chose the strawberry jam topping, but I guess that every choice would have been delicious as well.The second tasty stop was at the Well Hung and Tender stall of the MacPherson family. Simple food (hamburger, onions, cheddar) at its best.The last stop was to ask for a selection of 10 small chocolates at the Chocolate Tree stall. I brought the small bag to my b&b room as a precious treasure, and it really was.The most variously flavoured piece in the mosaic of my holiday.
A fair place for a huge kebab.My intention, when I was arriving to Edinburgh, was to have a full immersion in the Scottish kitchen, but changing my mind was an easy task, when starving was the only alternative.After a delay of my flight in London Gatwick (my traveling experience with British Airways was a real "meh") I arrived late in Edinburgh. All the other eateries in the area were closed, so I decided to try their kebab. The waiters were very busy. I was the only customer, but they were committed with cleaning and washing and storing everything, before closing. I opted for a simple doner (lamb) kebab with every topping, to make the preparation as easy and quick as possible. I was considering to take the kebab away and eat it along the way back to my b&b, but when I had the package in my hands I had to look for a place to put it on. It was huge!Not a memorable kebab (my memories go only to one I had in Germany and one in Greece), but a fair meal. Despite feeling a little bit guilty, because I was occupying some space they had to clean, I ate as much as possible of the dish, but I wasn't able to complete even half of my mission.Very good for hungry people!
At first sight this place looked so pretentious that I spent almost five mins before to decide to get in.I was visiting the National Museum and, after exploring the beautiful sections focused on the earliest human settlements and on the incredible journey of the Scottish platform throughout the whole emisphere, I went to the last floor, to have a break before going to meet the Vikings and the other sections and hosted collections.After looking at the tables, the maitre, the waiters and mainly felt the chilly athmosphere, my first intention was to jump in the lift, running away as soon as possible. My curiosity, instead, forced me to read the menu. There I found a couple of dishes that hooked me: Scottish Langoustine Salad and Haggis Neeps and Tatties. It was already sunday morning and after three full days in Edinburgh I was still missing my first taste of Haggis!Then I went in.The Langoustine Salad came with all the machinery of the case. The langoustine was fair, but nothing special. The best part was the veggie side: a surprisingly fresh and vary and tasty salad.The Haggis was breadcrumbed and deep fried, served in three quenelle-shaped pieces on three islands of thick mashed tatties and three sticks of turnips. Good, good and funny. The haggis taste was unexpected to me. In my hometown there are several recipes with almost the same ingredients, but the result is very different and the flavour is more on the "rough" side of the scale.During the lunch I also noticed some useful breaks in the rigid and formal attitude of the waiters. When needed, also the maitre successfully helped them to make the customers' staying more comfortable. This place may become by far more attractive and cosy, if they would be motivated to take their potential to a more flexible and friendly level (especially at lunch).I was almost deciding to calculate the vote following Rayan D's average: 4 for the food + 2 for the place = 3 stars, but the beautiful views over the city and the castle easily balanced some useless formalism, so my final result is still 4 :)
A wee place, filled with all you need for a great meal.Sweet Melinda's was just a few steps away from my usual route to reach the Meadows and the city centre. Walking along Lauder Road, then turning to the left and then to the right, leaving the Argyle Bar on the other side of the street. But I usually was in the area too early in the morning or too late at night, so I decided to take a bus to come back in Roseneath St at the right time for lunch (well...I made the same one day earlier, but it was a Monday, a perfect timing in the wrong day...). The venue is just as described by Jenny L. in her review: nicely decadent and very cosy. The waiter was maybe more welcoming than friendly, but quite attentive.As a starter I had a huge plate of Mussels, steamed with shallot and garlic. An harmonious mix of flavours with the most delicious mussels I've had in the last years. Then I went for the Roast Cod with gnocchi and chorizo that was a very unusual mix. It was like eating two different dishes in the same plate. The tender cod faced by the thick pieces of chorizo, with gnocchi and tomato being taken in-between. Very funny and very good.I was so delighted that asked for the pudding menu. The Valrhona Chocolate and Amaretti Torte was a perfect finish for my last lunch in Scotland.
Lovely place, lovely food.I firstly went to Tea at 94 when it was hosting a meeting of the Yelp book club. It has been nice to see that the fellow Yelpers really exist! I gave a quick glance inside and I saw that a little group was already there, while two more Yelpers were arriving a little bit later. I was in a mood of gratefulness for all the reviews and tips I've read for months, before arriving to Edinburgh. They helped me to escape any "meh" experience during my vacation. Then I was somehow tempted to go in to thank everyone, but I didn't want to disturb the atmosphere, so I just said a great "thank you" in my mind...where also I kept my considerations about the dualism I found in the Francis Scott Fitzgerald's novel: willing-faith; weight-light; unavoidable-uncertain; East-West; where only the harmonious composition of the diverging factors could have allowed the great Gatsby to return to the dreamt past (the more I write this, the more I consider you lucky that I didn't enter!)But I didn't need a wormhole to go back to Tea at 94 a couple of days later, this time entering without any doubt.I loved it at first sight. everything is like Claire L. described in her review. The waiter was so attentive and welcoming that I wished to be more hungry to accept every advice she was giving to me.I had a Scottish breakfast tea (since I asked for local flavours) and a very large slice of a pink cake with red fruits and cream. Both very well prepared and tasty.Another perfect piece of memories set to complete the mosaic of my beautiful holiday.
No. I'm not a lagerboyWell...more likely, not a "lager-auld-boy", if age still matters :)My intention, going to the Auld Hoose, was to try a genuine and traditional Scottish Breakfast. The place looks happily aged and the people at the tables on the left of the entrance, under the direct daylight looked happy (and chatty) as well. I went on the rightside (where daylight looked like an exotic promise) not because I love the cosy darkness, but because there I saw some smaller tables, good for a single tourist like me.Before I was able to understand how the ordering policy was, a very friendly bartender was waving his hand asking me if I wanted something to drink (now I know that I should have ordered at the bar desk :/). Firstly I ordered the desired Scottish breakfast, then I asked him for an advice about beers and ales on tap. His answer was effective and tasty. He simply took two glasses, describing the flavours of a couple of hand pulled nectars he kindly pushed towards me.Both were delicious. I chose the Hobgoblin because I thought it could be the best option to drink with the breakfast. This choice made me desert the field of the lagerboys :)The food was less memorable, but good enough. The slice of haggis was the best part of the dish, in my opinion. Haggis has been a great surprise and a wonderful one. I never suspected that from those ingredients it was possible to create such a flavourful "delicatessen".Great beers, good food, friendly atmosphere, music not too loud it's all what I was hoping to find, and I found it all.
Very good service. I've never noticed more than one minute of delay during my week in Edinburgh.I've read some complaints, here, about the alleged rudeness of the drivers, because they don't reply with a smile to the passengers' query. Well, I come from a nation where it's simply forbidden to talk to the drivers and I can easily understand why. Driving in the city traffic is such a stressful effort, when I make it by my own car, that I can't imagine how hard it can be to think also to the dimensions, the doors, the passengers, the stops, the clock...I've never thought to say them more than a "thanks". I studied the Lothian Buses system before to jump in for the first time. I learned about the "precise change" rule and collected it in time. Just a few minutes to get a map at the tourists information office, was the well deserved price for one week of comfortable trips.I liked more the two floor buses, that offer a beautiful view over the city attractions, at a very low cost ( 3,5 for a whole day ticket), compared with the touristic coaches. It has been easy to reach also some places far from the city centre, like Cramond Village or the Ocean Terminal. Really a very good value for money.
I was lucky to stay in a b&b in the southern side of the city. Every day I had the pleasure to cross this wonderful place to reach the city centre. It's so green and open and relaxing. The perfect playground for almost every sport and/or outdoor activity.It's healthy, joyful, nice, essential, useful. A perfect place to keep in mind as one of the best memories of my vacation in Edimburgh.
Everything is quite AMAZING , i totally felt like a princess, since the beginning, Even when waiting I enjoyed the drink they served for free , and the way my feet was treated it is jut wow .the price is amazing and they deserved each penny seriously  , definitely coming again and again .
I bought a new vehicle and had a few issues that was corrected when brought to managers attention. Terrific sales staff (Charlie and Anthony). I received an excellent price and again, had my issue corrected.  As I waited for modifications to my vehicle, I saw other customers including young customers being treated kindly and fairly.
I ordered some takeout and was overcharged.  Instead of being credited, I was charged for the same item again, something that I did not realize until I checked the receipt later.  I ended up overpaying by $15. The takeout area was dark and no one was there for 10 minutes - I had to go to the kitchen door to get help.  That should have been a big clue as to the service.  If the food had been even average, that would have made it better.  However, the food was horrible. Wonton soup ($7 for less than a pint) overloaded with iceberg lettuce and 2 mushrooms. Over cooked wontons that disintegrated and must have been cooking all day.  Hard and inedible rice.  Over cooked vegetables.  Truly a "kitchen nightmare."Bad food, bad service, and overcharged.
I went in to browse and left with a stylish fedora.  In a store with a large selection of hats, Rick found the right one for me and I did not have to go through a long selection process.
We went there on Tuesday in the afternoon. The place is empty. It was happy hour. We got a saut calamari with tomato sauce and garlic to start. It was amazing! A little bit spicy. We finish all the bread with the sauce left. The bread is good, too. Spaghetti Bolognese is perfect, just the way I like. The spaghetti is perfectly cooked. Risotto with Artichokes is wonderful, too.
We missed the happy hour but the dinner was great!! We had bacon wrapped dates to start. It was tasty and interesting combination but too much for two people(5 bacon wrapped dates per order). I got pacific sea bass w/caramelized cauliflower, snap peas & preserved grapefruit. That was wonderful. I could lick the plate if it possible. I like the sea bass is crispy and tender. The grapefruit works so well with the plate. The sauce is also amazing. My boyfriend got spicy shrimp risotto w/white zucchini, arbol chili & lemon. There are tons of shrimp and the risotto taste wonderful as well. We had guava sorbet as dessert. For the price I think it is the cheapest sorbet I had in the restaurant. It taste good and real!! I wish I had a chance to visit Olive & Ivy again.
This is a tiny museum!!! The collection is okay. I was plan to spend the whole afternoon in SMoCA. But it just took me less than an hour to go through every thing. The museum store is good though. I spend my extra time reading there.
I never thought a gelato place would have good pizza. But The Gelato Spot totally have that!! We had marinara with extra cheese. The crust is thinner than i thought but it is crispy. It taste wonderful when it's hot. The focaccia chop salad is good, too. The focaccia itself is crispy and fluffy with a hint of flavor. The chop salad is fresh and each piece is cover with the dressing with the just right of amount. The salad is not soggy at all so the focaccia still taste good event they put the salad above it. The gelato is a little bit pricey. But it is good though. I can taste the real pineapple in it.
I called AZ livescan after another company didn't show up twice. AZ Livescan came to our office the same day and finished quickly. They're professional and they bring everything with them. I recommend them to everyone!
We are here twice for breakfast during our Scottsdale vacation.  It was or favorite!  Food was delicious, atmosphere was great & service was perfect!  The poblano polenta Benedict was amazing!
Very friendly and attentive service. The menu is pretty cool. We were there midweek so we didn't have the wait that the others seem to experience.For starters, we shared the warm mozzarella. Not great but pretty good. Kind of a unique dish. For my main course, I had the pork loin which was pretty good. They also had some unique wine.The dessert list didn't seem all that interesting except for the pear cake (if I remember it correctly) but we were rushing by the end so we skipped it.I'd like to try their other dishes so I'll probably be back.
Not sure what to expect but it was very nice. It's a chain but at least it's from Canada so it's a little different. :DThe service was very friendly and attentive. The server made a mistake with an entree and he automatically comped it without us asking or fussing. That's service. The food is pretty good too and the prices very reasonable.
The internet is dog slow but the staff is very friendly and helpful and the breakfasts are what you would expect. They even have social hours at night which I haven't attended yet but they do serve complimentary food and drinks. The rooms are decent...a bit dated but generally comfortable.
I like this place but tonight not so. I ordered a microbrew (good) and fish and chips (not so good). Not sure what it was but the fish didn't taste that good. Not sure if it was bad or what. I mentioned to the server but she didn't offer to make amends. I'm sure I'll come back since I've been here before and like the food but no more fish and chips.
The pizza's very good! Unusual in that you have to order and pay first but they different combo pizzas are good. My favorite so far is the spicy chicken.
Bette is in wonderful form for her show at the Ceasar's Palace.Our group had a great time - we laughed...we cried...we sang...we highly recommend it even if you're not a big Bette fan. I wouldn't say I'm a big Bette fan myself but I really enjoyed the music, the dancing, the set, and of course...the showgirls - and that includes Bette.
We went with a large group for lunch and the service was great. Friendly and totally cool about having separate checks. The food is decent too. I wouldn't say I'm a fan but it's better than OK. :)Check out their daily specials too!
Another good place. We only had appetizers and a pizza but I enjoyed them all. The pizza crust was tasty and the mushrooms, spinach, truffle oil & goat cheese were a great combo.Would definitely go visit again. Good white sangria too!
Pretty good! I had one of their special burros with a spicy beef and it looked small but it was very filling. One downer is they didn't have any agua fresca. Not sure if this is always the case or they ran out. I would definitely like to go back and to try other dishes.
Pretty good - it's cheap...it's close...and they have some good chinese food for the area. They don't deliver though.
went here with a group from work and it was okay. the kobe sliders could have been better. i also had the crab stuffed shrimp and it was too salty.one really bad thing was the beer...the house beer i wanted was not available for what it felt like 30 mins as they were changing the tap. that was silly...i had to settle for another beer.
Just went there last night with a big group. They were friendly and accommodating. They have a good selection of beer (in addition to other drinks). The food was good and reasonably priced.I ended up having the corned beef sandwich since I didn't get one for St. Patty's day last month. It was very good except for the slightly soggy bottom piece of bread. I could still hold it though...just a little messy.
Wonderful sushi and creative desserts to top it off! Sleek and cool ambiance with service that isn't rushed. You may want to give yourself extra time though if you're seeing a show after dinner or are on a tight schedule.This is a nice spot for sushi and more. There were some pretty unique dishes...a sea bass with black truffle oil for appetizer was really good. The sea bass was so tender and yummy. There was a caulifower with some very light breading that was very good too.For sushi - the fish seemed really fresh and melted in your mouth. We didn't try the really unusual rolls though - they had some pricey ones.What I remember was the dessert. The green tea mousse was light and airy topped with matcha powder. The apple fritter with dulce de leche ice cream was very good too. They have a chocolate souffle on the menu too but we were running late so we did not try it.They also had a variety of sake and cocktails so there's something for everyone here whether you like sushi or not.
Very friendly service with just right amenities for the business traveler. It has some nice added features like a big pool and health club as well as a well stocked bar and pool table. It's convenient to the airport though there's not much else in the immediate area.
I tried going here to use my Groupon earlier this week but they were closed for renovation. They're changing their name too. Bummer - I wish they updated their web site that they would be closed.
The service was a little slow but the friendly service made up for it. The food was good (I got a kebab combo plate) and the servings generous. I don't remember but I don't think they have beer or wine though.
Not bad. Good selection of rolls. I only got to try the Scottsdale and some other special sashimi. Definitely filled me up. They were very friendly too. Would try again for the other sushi rolls.
Not a bad place to stay - on the monorail line with kitschy attractions to check out inside like the Start Trek Adventure (restaurant and attraction) and Barry Manilow (need I say more). We tried the breakfast buffet since it was free with gold status and it wasn't decent but I would not have been happy if I paid. We stayed in a recently renovated room so that was nice.
I seriously never write reviews...for anything. But this place has inspired me (thanks, I guess). I'm a little baffled by all of the rave reviews, but this isn't the first time I've seen that phenomenon. I decided to check this place out because of those "rave reviews" and the fact the yoga studio I was going to stopped offering the class I took more than once/week. Needless to say I rolled up my mat and left before the class even started. The chick at the front desk seemed less than thrilled to assist me, but I've sadly gotten used to that from front desk personnel in this town. She seemed more interested in getting back to her personal phone/skype convo, whatever it was. I found my way to the bathroom/locker area, which was nice and clean so i'll give them credit for that. When I got into the studio where the class was being held there was one student in there. I asked her a couple questions since I was brand new and she totally snapped at me (huh?)! I decided to brush it off and sit on my mat and wait for the instructor. When she finally arrived she proceeded to strike up a conversation with another student while they competed at who could look at themselves longer in the mirror. I didn't want to interrupt this riveting interaction so I waited to see if the teacher would ask if there were any new students and maybe give them some instructions (everyone else was getting weights n stuff but I was scared to ask another student after the 1st snap!). Still nothing, so I rolled up my mat and peaced out. Naturally no one asked me why I was leaving. So I came to the conclusion this place caters to the more "club scene" working out type people. I mean i'm only 34 so I'm not a cranky senior citizen by any means, but this place is so not my style. Bikram Yoga Green Valley is much more professional and way less pretentious. It doesn't offer the same variety of classes, but umm I think it might be worth it if you can avoid the situation I had to experience. Thank god I didn't have to pay for the 1st class! Maybe the owners should do some quality assurance checks, because first impressions are everything when it comes to attracting and retaining clients. Just a suggestion..
Andrea is awesome!!!! She is super quick and makes sure there is no hair left! I will not go anywhere else!!! She is very professional!
Food is delicious!We are vegan and ask for take the meat and egg from the dish and substitute for tofu and with no excuse the young guy said yes no problem!The little side dishes that come with korean food was amazing, the kimchi delicious and all of them we asked for more and receive 2 times more!It is the best korean food we have had eaten! And believe me, we had done around a lot trying different places where they have korean food!The best ever!
Three way burro. Enchiladas. Chile Relleno. Beans and rice. Cheese crisps. All delish. This is my first stop when I come into town and it never disappoints. Can't attest to ambiance or service for dining in because we always take out, but food is always hot, ready when they say it would be, and we always have an ample supply of home made hot sauce to take home. Can't beat the prices or the authenticity.
For fajitas, this is THE place to go. The name says it all. Plus anything grilled is also amazing. Huge veggies, perfectly prepared. Service ids consistently good. But margaritas are a little watered down and cheese crisps are just so-so. Warning: After you leave, you will smell like one of their sizzling fajita plates. Been coming here for 10 years and that's a guarantee each time. Oh yeah, the relish plate for your fajitas? Get the guac. Yummmm.
Steve the Bartender is a wonderful person great to talk to. We are new in the area and he gave us the rundown. The atmosphere is awesome nice mature upscale crowd.  I highly recommend this place the food was great
as a female I was given a wrist band and given "open bar" I thought great!! however upon going upstairs there is a menu called "open bar"... how misleading... the lounge has no dance floor and no seating unless you are paying for VIP... very awkward format and feeling to the place, but hey free alcohol right....?
Me and my boyfriend went there this thrusday night. We were very apprehensive as we have seen very bad reviews, specialy concerning the Buytopia groupon. Well let me tell you, we are both French from FRANCE!!! And we were well impressed. Very warm and welcoming staff, who made the effort to speak a littel french to us. Great service, and the food....DELICIOUS!!!! the restaurant wasnt very busy but still great romantic atmosphere. We had the groupon for a 4 course plus wine. We got mussels as an extra to start with, mouth watering. Then we had the classic french salad with goats cheese, lots of it. Then the french onion soup delicious, followed by the duck for me and the boeuf bourgignion for him. Finished off with sorbet and warm caramel pudding we didnt finish as we were too full! The half bottle of white wine we had was perfect for me, fruity and not too dry. All in all great experience, gret food, great service, and great DEAL!!! As that meal should have cost 50$ each not 50$ for both!!!
Just order roll lunch A to pick up, got a great salad and miso soup with 12 huge pieces of fresh california and salmon avo roll! SO FRESH and tasty all that for just 10$ great deal!
My experience at vision source was wonderful! Dr. Nagel really listened to me and gave me options on how to make my contacts more comfortable. She explained everything really well. She was much more thorough than other eye doctors I have been to. She gave me some samples of things to try to help my eyes. The staff was all helpful and friendly. This was probably my best experience at an eye doctor!
It's never fun when you have unexpected home repairs, but Myles was awesome. Came out the same day we called, gave a very reasonable quote for the new part we needed and came back to install it that night. Best part, no more leak. Great service, will definitely use in the future.
This is a great neighborhood bar. Everything I have had food wise has been excellent. I really like the Fredonia sandwich and my wife likes the Haddock fish platter and sandwich. Also love the wings and garlic fries. It is not a huge place, which I like, and just a cool place to hang out.
This is my second time renting storage space from this location. I received excellent customer service from Katie when I came in to rent the space. I like that they offer drive up, garage door type space. It makes it so easy to unload and load stuff. My only negative would be that the facility is not accessible 24/7, but that is not that big of a deal in the grand scheme of things.
Just had my first haircut from Jennifer at Major Barbershop and I am very pleased with the whole experience. There was a slight scheduling problem, but they handled it like pros and everything worked out great. Personable stylist, great cut and relaxed atmosphere! I will be back!
Kelli has been our family photographer since the day our son was born 4 years ago.  From newborn photos to yearly family photos we can't imagine using anyone else to capture our family.  Our son is just bursting with energy and she's always done a great job keeping him engaged and excited during the entire session.  She suggests great locations and fun additions like super hero capes and bubbles! Kelli always has great ideas for how to make our family sessions unique and fun and I highly recommend her to anyone looking for great family photos!
This boutique hotel is just okay, the extra star is for the wonderful limo service.   We landed at Macaraan Airport, the driver, Rick met us at baggage claim.   He took our bags off of the conveyor, and then we walked swiftly to our silver limo.    So nice for a change.     Within 10 minutes, we arrived at the hotel, tourists were waving at us like movie stars.   Lol.    The bell hop met us at the curb and took our luggage and us up to the 32nd floor.   Then the best part is over.  The room is okay, kind of outdated.    There is free food in concierge lounge, but the servers are unhappy and cranky, making the atmosphere tense.     I just grabbed some drinks and food, gulped them down and ran out quick.  Wi-Fi is good, no interrupted service.  The limo ride back to the airport was also pleasant.   If I stay at Hotel 32 again, it would be just because of the limousine and wi-fi.
Amazing!    We got lucky, it was the night that Shawn McClain, executive chef was actually cooking.   We were a party of 6 and we all have the premium chef's signature menu for $150.    The waitress warned us that it would be a 2 hour dining experience.    In actuality, between the wine and great company, we were there for 4 hours.The food looks like something out a magazine, smells great, and tastes refreshing with every bite.   We started out with complimentary oyster to wash our palate, I swear it smells like the ocean, something a little mermaid would enjoy.   Then so many dishes after that, I don't recalled anymore.   My favorite was the pan seared scallops, it was the right texture, best tasting scallops I ever had.Definitely will be back whenever we go back to Vegas.
Dr. Schaffer is the best!!  She takes time to listen to my needs and fears.  She is gentle and considerate of my pain/fear when working with my teeth. Leo is also a great assistant and so very friendly.  She also is very mindful of my pain and how I am feeling.  I can't say enough good things about this place.  Oh did I mention I am the biggest chicken when it comes to dentist and they put me at ease.
My mother and I came here while looking around the market before it started to close and I'm so glad we did! As a mass consumer of crepes, I felt obligated to try the place out. The crepes we had were so good, and the people working there were friendly; they helpfully answered our questions! My mom liked it so much she stole some of my whipped cream from my crepe, and added it to hers. She struck more quickly than a viper, so I unfortunately couldn't take a photograph beforehand. I would love to come back again, so I definitely recommend giving it a try if you're in the mood for crepes.
I absolutely love this place! The atmosphere is calm and inviting. The vegan food options are delicious, and the coffee never disappoints!!
Finding great flavors in restaurants with vegan options can be a little challenging sometimes. That is certainly not the case here. I decided to try the buffet this Saturday afternoon. There were several options that met my dietary needs, the roti came out fresh and warm my belly was certainly happy. The atmosphere is calm clean and inviting. The staff was friendly and checked on me several times with s smile. I will definitely be back!!!
It's so cold outside and the heat in the rooms don't go higher than 75 degrees!! Also, the water pressure is horrible. I'll never stay here again. I'm freezing and miserable.
Total RIP OFF!!! Beware of there "club membership" scam!!!5/5/16- Our kitchen/livingroom AC was turning on but not cooling. I call Cool Air Now to set up an appt. for there online $25 diagnostic special (how they reel you in). Our landlord, my husbands aunt gives them the ok they require & I set up appt. for next day.5/6/- Tech Raul shows up at 11am turns on thermostat & goes outside to check out unit (on ground, easy to access)- I hear him on the phone outside right away (windows open & front door since Weather is in the cool 60s). A short few minutes later my husband calls to tell me "the tech is fixing the air problem right now, something about the compressor & my aunt already paid $600." The tech was at the unit 20 minutes tops & spent about 30 minutes in his work van.. he then came inside pointed his laser tool to 1 vent in the living room & said it was all good to go. He quoted me $150 to clean duct vent for our quest room- told me aunt paid the $581.00 & had me sign invoice.  He was here 1 hour beginning to end. I immediately shut off thermostat due to cold weather & put away bill.5/10- Finally a warm/hotter day, I turn on AC at 2:30pm let it run until 4pm and it was not cooling at all, just like before they came out friday. My husband calls and say a tech will be over next day. 5/11- This time its a different tech, Jeremy that shows up. He asks me whats going on, i explained a tech friday fixed something to do with compressor & its still not working. He mentions the notes show there is a leak & bad motor but will go inspect himself. He immediately has me go look at unit & says "you can see right there the motor is seized up- its done." I ask ok then why wasnt this taken care of friday? What did we pay for? How does a motor immediately break after a tech leaves we haven't ran AC once its been cold?! He says the tech really tried getting us going- a cheaper way... I was already mad so I called my husband at work & put him on speaker- the tech tells him a new motor is $700 & a Freon fix leak charge is $1200 that they don't make the freon we need anymore for our 10yr old unit. So therefore we should just buy a new $8000.00 unit from them. My husband tells him to go call his aunt, thankfully she said no right away before we could tell her to say no. Tech leaves. ... Its like a mechanic shop that has you buy new $600 tires knowing the car engine is only good for a drive around the block! Deceitful. So now im home with no air & a toddler with pink cheeks- angry. I find reciept & call Cool Air Now at 1pm, the lady says she cant help but will have the "general manager" Tim call me back & corrects me that fridays fix wasn't a compressor part but a COMPACITOR replacement. 430pm still no phone call back, husband is home now he calls & is told the same thing this time by Simon.. the manager has to call you back- i dont know anything, cant help. By not calling back or explaining anything this just gave me time to really breakdown the written charges on receipt- google there bullshit. 1 capacitor & 1 hardstart kit (both $10 parts you can find at home depot, $3 if made in china) so basically $500 for 20 min.of labor?! ooh Unless it was that "club membership" that they include without your knowledge or extra paperwork explaining what the hell thats about. I had to pretend to be a random caller to get a price of $120 PER unit per "membership"... I then said who I was & they said maybe we got it for free?! what a joke! how would anyone know when there is no charges written next to anything? Do the techs just make up there own prices while they eat a sandwich in there truck to pass time!? 5/12- Still no call to us or husbands aunt. 12pm-Once again simon will have the manager call us back, he knows Tim is aware of the situation but don't know why he isnt calling back- I know.. Tim can't man up cause he has no balls, obviously!... 4pm April tells me at cool air now- Tim is "out in the field" will put a post it for him to call especially since i made it very clear the homeowner, my husbands aunt will be in town the next following day & will be with me so we all can talk about the situation/bill since Tim the manager is the only one capable of doing that. We never received that call on 5/13 either... still waiting. My husbands coworker sent his friend to our house- he replaced the motor & added freon for only $200! Remember Cool Air Now wanted to charge us $1200 to fix/replace the leak- turns out somebody left a valve loose.. wonder who would of done such a thing?! & R22(freon) is still being made until 2020- it is not obsolete- goes for about $15/20 per pound on online   (a professional does need to purchase /fill though) definitely get estimates.Do yourself a favor ...dont get scammed, go somewhere else... some place that you can actually speak to a MANager & not get mislead/ripped off!
Had good food but terrible service. Only two servers and the entire place was packed for Mother's Day. Had diet coke but the soda was flat both times and it took 10 mins to get napkins after asking for them.
The service was excellent and the food was superb! They offer vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options. This will be our go-to place everytime we come to Vegas!
Called asking for appointment "NP come in around 3pm, should be slow".  Arrived but all mechanics busy, told to come tomorrow & another appointment made 4pm.  Get there next day, walk in and no one acknowledged.  Terrible service,  employees looked overworked, confused.  Service manager had a piss off look and will not recommend this place for business.   If you don't enjoy your shitty job get a better one.
Excellent service, Saturday late evening.  Synthetic and they honored a phone discount.  Will be back.
Quite possibly our favorite restaurant in charlotte. I usually always get the tacos and my boyfriend gets the fajitas. Normally we like to branch out but our favorites there are so good we don't dare stray... I would absolutely more than recommend this to anyone and everyone! Their margaritas are deliiiiiishhhhhh as well!
Came here on a whim without reading reviews or seeing the menu since the place we had originally picked was closed. So glad we did! Not only is this super convenient to our house, the food was wonderful! I had the al pastor marinated salmon and my lovely date had the steak fajitas. I'm going to back up a bit before I talk about how great the food was to tell you I ordered a margarita FLIGHT. What?! Who has that?! They do. And they're awesome. Back to the food.. the salmon and steak were cooked to perfection! The fajitas came with carrots as a side.... unusual? Maybe. But he said it was a game changer! If you have he opportunity to try this place, you definitely should!
I love the gator sauce here. I take a bottle home with me every time I visit. The philly cheese steak is always a good choice.
Super busy little place! Good location and decent food for the price. You get what you pay for here. We like that delivery is an option since we live close and sometimes don't want to put on real clothes for dinner.
Exceptional service! Chris Hess, our sales rep, was phenomenal! Got us in and out in under 3 hours!
Came here with my boyfriend and my parents. The wait was about 20 min, as to be expected on a Saturday night in December near a mall... we went to the bar to grab some drinks, and this is where the 3 stars comes in... we waited for 18 minutes (I shit you not) without being acknowledged by any of the THREE bartenders. Now you're probably thinking the bar was busy, but you'd be wrong. Less than 7 people at the bar, all whom have already received their beverages. The bartenders just sat and talked to one another behind the bar.. never looking around once. I was in true disbelief. I'm not one to call anyone out on their work because I too, was once a bartender.. and I know it's a trying job. That being said... the customers are literally your only priority and that's going to determine how much you take home at night... so why not serve 4 drinks?! Any who.. we got the text our table was ready before anyone even looked our way so we said forget it and went on.. the rest of the night warranted a 5 star review. Waiter was great, food was great. Nice and quick! We had the fajitas for 2 and they were yummy!!!!
Nice for on the go lunches. Workers are polite and courteous of guests, food is always delicious and arrives quickly. We order catering here a good bit for work and it is always a favorite.
Waitstaff wasn't impressive. Food was okay, decent prices. Really neat building though, very spacious.
Really really good sushi here but kinda pricey. Always really crowded so there's usually a little wait. It's a staple in our sushi diet.
My go to lunch spot if I'm meeting people out. Big fan of the chicken fajitas. You really can't beat fajitas for $8, and they're good! The service is always great and the food comes out quickly. Never been there for dinner but it's always super busy when I drive by!
I walked in hoping to get my nails done on my lunch break, there's 4 people working and 3 customers in the place and they ask me to sit and wait, I ask how long and he responds "1 hour" needless to say I left. Tried again the next day, 45 min.. Again, more employees than customers.
Nommmm! The burritos here are huge! Not a big selection of add-ons but the ingredients they do have are pretty tasty
Omgahhhhh so good. Owner is awesome and cupcakes are insanely delish. I've had about 6 flavors, all equally perfect!
I can't say enough good things about this place! They're so friendly, the food is good, reasonably priced and super fresh ingredients. They don't go light on meat or toppings like most places do! We are now regulars!
How is it possible that this place is only 3.5 stars?! We go here every Sunday morning. We take our pups and sit outside. Everything serve ever had, which is pretty much everything, has been absolutely delicious! The specialty coffee are also insanely good.
They always have a good selection of both frozen yogurt and toppings! They're open late and always super friendly.
They're blackberry jelly is my jam! Get it?! :) we love this place, never had anything bad here.. Apart from a waitress once but that's an abnormality.
Maybe we just didn't get it. Weird vibes, they're a mix of different things. We live by here and it's always super busy but maybe we just went on an off day. Food was okay, overpriced.
I got the flight of beers. I really liked 4, less than liked one but all and all it was a success. My favorite was definitely the pumpkin, not so much of a pumpkin flavor but more of a spice :) service was quick and nice!
The line here is always insane and they're painfully slow. I don't think I've ever shopped here and waited less than 30 minutes in line.
The delivery is fast and reasonably priced. Food is always hott and delicious. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes thai.
The food is great! I've had so many things on the menu and never been disappointed. That being said.. the margaritas are literally some of the worst I've ever had.
We go here all the time. They're always friendly and fast. My only complaint is there usually always out of something. We we've been wanting to try to Reece's donut for a few weeks now and they haven't had it at least 3 different times we've been there
You can't beat the chicken here! It's a legend in the Charlotte area. Cash only, not a lot of choices. The choices thing down at bother me since there's not a bad choice you could make here. Their homemade sweat tea is AHHHHMMAZING.
You gotta love the wich! The food is always good and fresh. Lunch can be a frenzy bc it's packed! Generally worth the wait, though.
Came here for the first time today and oh my goodness it was ahhhhhmazing. We got a dozen donuts, mixed glazes and toppings and each one we tried was perfection. We will definitely be coming back for more! It's a bit of a drive for us but beyond worth it.
The management is sub par - they're only worried about how much money they're going to make from the bride.
Absolutely the worst place I've ever lived. I don't even want to waste my time typing out all of the things I hate about this place because I will just get angry thinking about it. Word from the wise: don't waste your money here. Go somewhere that will appreciate you and not fine you for the craziest things that SHOULD be included in your rent.
Nom nom nom!! The brisket here is phenomenal! I keep coming back a few times a month. Very affordable, move staff as well. Great place to dine outside when it's nice :)
Everything we got was burnt and took over 15 min to get (we were the only ones in the drive thru)
So yummy and fast. The staff is always super nice here. Great lunch spot when you don't have a lot of time. I definitely recommend the bacon bravo and broccoli cheddar soup!
This place is way over rated for the price, there's always a wait. I can't understand why because the food isn't great and the service is subpar.
Every time I come here it takes forever no matter how short the line is. If you have a pink slip and are required to pick your package up here then cancel your plans for the day. Just this morning I waited over 25 minutes to pick up a package. I would have left but they took my package slip hostage. It's worth the extra mile drive to the next post office down to avoid this one if you can.
Staff here was far from friendly, we waited a long time for our 2 coffees and my ICED caramel macchiato was served to me steaming hot with ice on the top. Also, last time I checked this is not what a macchiato looks like...
From the sweet tea, to the sticky biscuits, to our main course... everything was PHENOMENAL. It was our first time here but we will most definitely be back soon! The waiter was great and the food was served very quickly.
This was our first time here but won't be our last! The food was really good, waitstaff was very friendly and getting our food didn't take long. My only negative comment would be that it was very very hot inside. I typically don't like to break a sweat at breakfast so this made us rush a little faster to eat and get out. The temp is controlled by the weather since they open the garage door in the front and all that is left is a large screen. (There's no bugs if you're worried about being exposed to the outside) but this place would be PHENOMENAL in the spring or fall :) even winter here in the south.
Awesome food, typical diner menu. Incredibly busy at any time of the day. Great location, terrible staff.
This restaurant was AMAZING. I loved everything about it. The food was delicious - had the butchers board and the bruschetta. There was so many bruschetta options! The wine was very good as well. The atmosphere was so much fun. I loved the set up and the music was on point. Song after song that played made the experience that much better. The only downside was we had a long wait but it was a Friday so it was expected. Tried to make a reservation but they don't make them for parties less than 5. On the plus side got to drink our bottle of wine while we waited!
Great place with a nice view of the city.  It's a rustic place "ranch style" with good steaks, beer, and ambiance. The filet mignon, homemade bread, and the beans are amazing! The only reason this doesn't have one more star is due to the salad bar.  The dinner included the salad bar and it was very plain. They did not have items such as cheese or any veggies that you typically see in a good salad bar. Other than that, this place is great.
This was my first time eating here, and I have to say it was great. The food was very flavorful and the service was great. Will definately eat here again and soon.
We are cash patients. Paid in full at the time of service and received invoices showing a zero balance.A week later we received a second invoice for the same service by mail at about twice the amount.A complained by phone resulted in Wellhealth Medical Group insisting initially on the higher charges.We had an invoice stating: :"All services received on the day of the visit are paid in full".It took a supervisor to have the overcharge corrected. At the same time we were educated, that this is "normal" business practice. Well, the other Doctors we use, quote and charge us the final and correct amount at the time of service.It took 2 days to schedule the service. The doctors visit was a mediocre experience. Unfriendly staff.After a move we hoped to find a closer doctor. In the future, we will drive the extra miles to stay with our old doctor.Conclusion: "There are better health care providers in town."
My SO and I were in the area shopping and thought we would give this place a try for lunch. This was the best decision we made all day! Order two different type of hummus and a gyro. Everything was absolutely delicious! We will be returning.
Coming from the east coast you have a certain expectation with pizza. My Pie provided authentic thin crust pizza and a great selection of beers. My girlfriend tried the Mr. White it was wonderful. From my perspective, someone who doesn't like white pizza, it was a very balanced pie. No flavor overwhelmed the other, the olive oil and cheese together making a delicious pie. I ate the Spicy Butcher. As a fan of mixing lots of meat with cheese, this pizza did not disappoint. The meats and sauce provided as the name implies a spicy but delicious experience all around. To top off this great food, the staff was warm and welcoming. Will definitely return and would recommend to my friends.
Lobster pasta was amazing, cocktails were perfect and the bartender was excellent.  Great experience.
We went to scramble for the first time today.  I ordered the Santa Fe Eggs Benedict.  Delicious!  Similar to the traditional eggs benedict but with a southwest flair.  If you are a fan of eggs benedict I would recommend this dish.  My husband had the Tocula pizza.  Which was very savory.  The menu indicated the pizza was spicy but the spice was more derived from the chorizo and a little kick of jalapeo.  Not as spicy as expected and very good.  On top of the delicious meal we recieved a frequent visitor card which gave us 10% off, which we can use on our future visits.  I'm not sure if everyone gets one of those cards or how it works.  Definitely try Scramble if you want Breakfast that is above ordinary.  We can't wait to go there again!
Tasty....but I hope people realize the food is frozen.  We had some pretty good burgers.  The sides are all frozen item.  But the ambiance is gross.  The lights that hang down are out of place.  While the servers don't really clean the tables.  I would suggest never eating in their establishment and would be better off getting food to go.  And maybe getting fried sides from a fast food establishment instead.  It's also odd how you have to ask the register clerk for refills.  But again they do have some tasty toppings for their burgers.  Ehhh.....haven't been back in over a year.
This place has always been amazing.  If you are looking for diner food they sure do deliver.  They have the comfort foods down pat!  I'm sad that they closed the bell and 17 interstate location.  But if you are looking for a diner this is 10xs better than Denny's!!
We used to go here all the time a few years ago.  Raved about the food.  But now they hire high school kids or younger individuals that only refill your glass once before the bill.  I am disappointed as I informed the owner, via their website about their poor service.  Sadly no reply.  I am disappointed that their owners were not proactive in retaining customers and just moving forward with hiring their kid's friends.  I have always enjoyed the food here but the service sucks.  Who wants to wait 45 minutes for a water refill?  I've given this place a try and try agin as I want to go here as it is very close to my home.  But there is only so much you can do if  management provides sub-par service.
We had can't do moving about 4 years ago.  Mike, the pres came out and did a great bid.  Unfortunately unless he shows up his movers complain about how they are hourly workers.  (Here's a tip if you want a tip don't complain.). We asked for our two bedroom apartment to be moved to a three story townhome.  Which we CLEARLY explained when got the bid.  Regardless the movers complained and moaned the whole time telling us, as customers, we were under bid by their boss.  We expressly told Mike that we had no intention of packing everything as we were willing to pay but required everything to be moved out of the apartment and unpacked by the movers.  I had to contact the owner and make an uncomfortable situation as his movers took until 2 to pack us.  Which is unacceptable, being a military wife and moving every three years I used to have a team of 3 move my home goods in under 4 hours.  Needless to say the movers were mad I had to call their superior and then in order for us to move into the townhome within a day my husband and I had to help.  By the time we got our belongings in the home we were late evening.  Granted both my husband and I were helping the whole time.  They never unpacked us and to boot they broke a leg off an armoire.  I will say though mike came back after I spent days on unpacking to pay for the broken furtinure.  He paid out a cash payment for the broken item which was acceptable at the time.  But I would never refer or use this company in the future as they were FAR off their mark and had movers that constantly complained about their pay.  Hence can't do moving!
This place is excellent!  They have wonderful pho.  The salads are amazing and I really like how they serve green iced tea.  I've had many items from their menu and each time I'm pleased.  This place is good to introduce others to different cuisines and expand your palette beyond traditional american fare.  My only complaint is I wish they had boba drinks!  Definitely amazing if you want to try real "ramen" or other dishes.  The hot pots are loads of fun!!  Think melting pot but Vietnamese style!  And the decor is fun.  I highly recommend this place!
Love this place!  I've been going here for a few years.  The staff is friendly, the prices are great and they do an excellent job.  I highly recommend the VIP pedicure.
We have gone to this establishment a total of 4 times.  3 of the 4 has produced in inaccurate orders.  We are entertained by the theme but extremely annoyed by the service.  We have never ordered anything off the menu but these cooks seem to not know their own menu.  Additionally we ordered a combo, drink, fries and sandwich for myself but when my husband did the same thing but said he wanted a beer the clerk charged him for a beer and drink.  We realized the mistake after we ordered as my husband only wanted a beer, no other drink the clerk said belligerently we asked for both.  Really?  Isn't that his job to ask about what drink he wanted?  So why was 3 drinks appropriate for 2 diners?  Regardless we paid and have remembered to never go back.
Love this place!! Great food, free arcade games, no smoke (in the arcade), and the staff is amazing!! Loads of craft beers!!
I love this place! I'm always a bit wary of budget haircut places but I also hated paying a fortune to get my hair trimmed. I was completely blown away by the quality of this cut. I think it's a great place for Asian hair especially because the stylists use an upwards motion to cut the hair rather than horizontal, which makes the finished cut much more light and airy, no awkward heavy blunt ends that I was used to getting at other salons. I used to always get a wash and cut but here, if you opt out of having your hair washed, the male stylist (quite skinny, don't recall his name) will straighten your hair with a blow dryer rather than misting it with a spray bottle. So you really get your hair styled for free on top of the cut. I had a stranger on the street ask my where I got my hair cut and she was shocked when I told her where and how much I paid!I don't speak Chinese and communicate with all the stylists in English, I haven't really had any issues. This has become my regular spot for haircuts! Do be wary that depending on when you come, there might be a bit of a wait. There have been many times where I walk right in and have my hair cut but other times where I have waited upwards of 30 minutes.
Words can't express how much I love this place. Dinner here is definitely special occasion fare, but I'm always trying to make excuses to visit! The grilled octopus starter is buttery soft and the shareable mains (I've had both the cote de boeuf and rack of lamb) are phenomenal- simple but delicious. The atmosphere is warm and inviting while still feeling classy. I had a friend from Paris tell me this was the best French food he found in the city and I certainly agree it's the best I've had!
Burger was good, fries were cold. It took thirty minutes to get a glass of wine to the table and we waited 40 minutes to get our food.
Teriyaki madness is the bomb ! It can be a healthy meal with steamed veggies and grilled chicken breast :) with sauce on the side
Always came here for happy hour especially after a hard days work... Foods good' drinks are great... But the pass 2times we came, it was a let down... 1time... Busy happy hour but the hostess didn't look like she really wanted to help us, so off to Brio we went (great HH too) and now it's cinco de mayo it's 4:30p and busy but still no urgency from a hostess to try and accommodate you, and when we sat in the dinning side the waiter didn't feel accommodating when we said, we're just going to have drinks and get food at the tamale bar... May be the last time we walk in this place... Too bad, I have a big mouth and at the end of the day, customer service is everything to me...
One of the best experience I've had in purchasing a vehicle from here... "Moe" was busy at the time I arrived at the dealership (due to my schedule being erratic and he was trying to make time for me as the day went on) he handed me to Jason and he was able to assist me in the vehicle I was looking at. Jason took me on a very informative drive... Explained everything on what this car does and can do... Great test drive... After said and done... It was a stress free closing with the finance guy and off I drove into the night, with a grin from ear to ear...
Very disappointed with the whole dining experience. Expected more i guess... having tried the restaurant at MGM Grand and not to mention affiliation with the famous name !!!Fine dining at Lupo is overrated... the Cheesecake Factory had better tasting food and presentation... the service exceptionally cold at Lupo... I will never recommend your restaurant... Mandalay Bay doesn't need a mediocre place like yours.  Mandalay Bay should welcome other businesses... you're an embarassment to the resort...
Not a bad place to "jump around" here for a Bday party and the kids are having a blast... So far so good... Just a bit crazy when you first walk in...
Too bad there's no negative 5 star . What a disappointment ! The place closed at 10 pm tonight , our party showed up at 855 pm. To make a long story short, the last hour of service sucked, no napkins, plates or chopsticks was given . Had to get our own stuff ! The hot tea I ordered was lukewarm water that was served twice !!! And they charged me !!! So I told the waiter to remove it from the tab , then he gives me back the "corrected" tab , and the hot tea was still on the tab ! I spoke to the lady manager and all she could say was "sorry" . Well , that's that . Jjanga, you just lost a patron , that will spread the word :)
A must try... Great food, drinks and people... Let's support and keep them here... Well worth keeping in our area...
Tried it for the first time and enjoyed the hospitality introducing the menu and when I sat and started eating  it took me back to the island  the kalua pork had a nice smoke flavor to it and the spicy pok was the bomb tasting all fresh, munching on my garlic flavored edamame on the side was like a little treat for my taste buds  don't miss the opportunity to enjoy the same experience (liked it so much, came back the next day and ordered pok by the pound, oh yes they do, do it' like that)
great team. My older dog is very comfortable boarding as well as daycare. They cater to his special needs. I love the charity work they do, watching the camper cams and the holiday pictures and fun ideas for the pups.
My favorite Thai restaurant.  Food is always good, no matter what I order.
Always helpful and near home.  they are my preferred hardware store because I can get help and answers to my questions.
These guys are great! My wife's car had an ongoing issue so we took it to a couple mechanics, including the dealer, and no one could fix it... but they were happy to take my money even though she continued to get stranded. Greulichs on Alma School was highly recommended by a tow truck driver. They took the time to figure out it was a combo of issues, clearly explain it to us, and make sure the problem was resolved.  Happy to know my wife won't be stranded anymore. Been taking our cars/trucks here ever since.
Great daily drink deals and friendly service. Beautiful lunch menu and fantastic food. Will definitely be back!
The worst movers everI paid for 3 guys since the the moving company assured me it would be cheaper in the long run because things would be so much faster.  They arrived and had me sign paperwork and got started.  The one guy (I heard later) was sick and stayed in the truck arranging things and never came inside to see how the guys were doing.  I found out later that they had hired the guys that day and had never checked out their references.  When they moved my nearly new refrigerator they forced it thru the gate and scratches were left on the front from the stucco of the pony wall on the patio.  Movers are suppose to open the doors and ease it around but these guys knew nothing of how a mover does things. I spoke with the office manager and she said it wasn't their fault, that the guys presented references and they just didn't have time to check them out.  I told them it was most certainly their fault since I hired a professional moving company I had expected professional movers.  She said there was nothing she could do and I told her I'd call everyday until I was able to speak with the owner.After a half dozen phone calls at least, the office manager said she had spoken with the manager and he had agreed to fix the door to the refrig, or replace it if necessary.  I had two guys come out to look at the repairs and it was determined that the door would need to be replaced.  I supplied all of the mfg information so they could order the doors.Three months later I called and asked about the doors, they acted like they knew nothing about them.  When they finally remembered they said the doors had arrived and the installation guy (David) would be calling me to arrange installation.David called within the week, I told him the refrigerator was in storage but I'd meet him there so he could swap out the door.  Well, we were scheduled to meet and David never showed up.  I called him at least 40 times and he did not answer his cell phone.  I complained to the office and they said that David still worked for them and they'd let him know.  More and more attempts were made over the next 3 months and my calls went unanswered.Nearly 9 months later I moved to CA, brought the refrigerator that was horribly damaged.  I called again and the office said they'd have David bring the door in and I could either pick it up or have it shipped to CA.  Needless to say, they never called and have never made any attempt to resolve this problemI am so unhappy with the experience.  Do not use these guys.....a couple of hundred more and you can get an experienced mover like Warren's or even the U-haul helpers have been better than my experience with Cheep Cheep Movers.
A really great experience for families. We went with our family of four. Six years old is the minimum age for riders. They do have pony rides on lead for younger kids free of charge I believe. The center is located in the Cave Creek Recreational area. There is a $6 admission fee per car. It is a temporary seasonal office so there a no permanent buildings. The bathrooms are portable. We brought water bottles with us but there didn't seem to be any there for sale. The park's nature center is just down the road with restrooms and drinking fountains. The ride starts with a brief intro from the guide. Our guide Jace was EXCELLENT!! He was very knowledgeable about the area and let us know the types of vegetation we were looking at. Also unique things about them and how they got their names. He did a great job with our kids and made sure everyone was safe and comfortable. We did the 1 hour beginner ride. Some slight elevation changes and the terrain was beautiful. I would highly recommend this outing. Staff was all very friendly 5 stars.
the worst food ever and if you order a plate of chicken at full price plate, not a lunch special and they don't even give you a whole piece of chicken that was dry and nasty and the rice what the hell was that get the hell out of the kitchen you cant cook and have no business trying to sell that crap you call food to a dog you should be ashamed to serve that to someone  I had 3 adults try it and all spit it out the kids ended up having pizza I cant get one  to eat it and my dog that eats his own poop wouldn't eat it
Street tacos, fast, dirty (in a good way!), and flavorful.  Most people get nostalgic with their mom's spaghetti, fried chicken, or whatever.Not me.  Throw me a plate of tacos de buche, extra crispy tripas, and maybe some sesos if I'm feeling dangerous and I'm blasted back into the past as 11 year old me on an LA street corner taco shop munching away on organ meats.Would've been 5 stars if i was still recovering from the night before and if they tacos were $0.50 cheaper.Bottom line: fast, authentic, TJ style tacos at American prices.  Get away from the buffets and get down on some buche.
This is definitely a highly recommended breakfast spot.  It had all the makings of a great place--great food, great service, comfortable seating, etc.  Both locations are a bit of hump off the strip, but are great places to hit up after a weekend of binge drinking and other unsavory activities up to and including: donkey shows, midget lap dances, dice games at the MGM west wing alley way entrance, passing out nudie flyers.  I had the adobo omelette and shared a short stack of the red velvet pancakes with the lady.  Besides creativity, the omelette was pretty spot on.  No surprises here with the chicken adobo fried rice wrapped in an omelette.  Just good eats.  I could make a recommendation of trying to use pork instead of chicken next time.The omelette also came with what could possibly be the best macaroni salad I've had in my life.  Rich and creamy with a possible hint of garlic or something magical, it left me wanting more and licking the tiny bowl the serving came in.For the piece de resistance--red velvet pancakes.  Seems like a great idea in theory and even better in practice at babystacks.  The pancakes had a perfect melding of  cake and pancake texture while maintaining that subtle red velvet taste.  The cream on top was absolutely phenomenal and I would definitely consider that as a bath water substitute.  All in all, great place with great food and service. Like I said, it is now a Vegas tradition of mine and you might want to consider making it one of your as well.  Unless, your leaving Vegas tradition is something like midget lap dances.  That sounds way better...
This is the best Persian food I've had in my life, and I'm from Los Angeles, home to some of the best Persian food outside of Iran. Great atmosphere as well. The interior brickwork is charming. Make sure to try the Kabob Torsh (out of this world).
David Lamar worked with me to purchase my new home. He responded to all my calls and was able to get a response back to me in a timely manner. Not only is he totally professional but also very approachable. I would definitely recommend him to anyone looking for real estate in this area. He is very knowledgeable about the area.
Great food! I had a beef crunchy taco plate with rice and beans. Everything was delicious, the taco, the rice... so good and the beans nice and cheesy.My husband had the carne asada torta. He said it was very good.This place is clean, delicious and well priced.
So good! Crispy chicken skins are amazing.  Bacon jam is a must try. Jerk turkey burger is so good. Love this place.
Both my wife and I got sick the next day after eating at Carrabba's.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive but the food was not prepared fresh or kept at safe temperatures. We will not be eating here again.
I dined here for Sunday Brunch with my sister and loved it! We didn't make a reservation but luckily found seats at the bar which was open seating. This place gets packed so be sure to come early!Since we sat at the bar I wasn't expecting good service, but was pleasantly surprised by how well the staff made sure we enjoyed our meal and had enough coffee and water. Granted, we got off to a rocky start as they ran out of clean spoons... yes, they were busy! But things were moving along much more smoothly once we got our food. I ordered the Memphis Eggs Benedict which was made with St. Louis pulled pork and my sister ordered the Charlotte Eggs Benedict which was made with smoked salmon. We loved both our dishes, we basically licked the plates clean! They were so good! On top of that, I loved their hash browns! They are basically home fries but extra crispy, almost deep fried which is perfect for brunch. I really cannot complain about any part of my meal, it was that good! I hope to return back to Insomnia the next time I visit Toronto! I might even order the exact same thing again but hey, if it's delicious doesn't hurt to enjoy it again!
During my stay in Madison, a friend recommended I check out Cheba Hut. I had been putting it off till my last day in town and finally made it out there... and believe me, I'm sooo glad I did. I wasn't completely sure what to expect when I got there but spent a good five minutes just staring at their menu on the wall... Yeah, you can say I'm indecisive. After the check out guy asked me twice if I needed any assistance I settled on the Acapulco Gold sandwich, I mean who doesn't love BBQ chicken?! He then asked if I wanted it "loaded up" and I just had to say yes but without the dressing and it was heaven. I mean I love toasted subs and Cheba Hut does it to perfection! The BBQ chicken was so moist and flavorful with that great tangy flavor that reminds me of western Carolina BBQ... Just delicious! And paired with the Swiss cheese and fresh vegetables just made me eat the whole pinner as soon as I unraveled it. I ordered my sub to go so I can't say much about the decor or ambiance of the place but the staff were super friendly and the sub was amazing. I could see it as a popular college hang out spot as its right off State St. Cannot wait to come by and try out another sub the next time I'm in town!
I'm really conflicted with reviewing The Old Fashioned because I had day and night experiences. I went a year ago for a nice casual dinner with my sister and really enjoyed it! I've always heard such great things about this place from locals. Well, I came back to visit Madison again recently, and I took my parents here which turned out to be an awful dinner.Although my food turned out to be good and I enjoyed it, my mom had a real issue with their steak. I get that this place is more a casual dining experience with an emphasis on sandwiches and apps but if you have a ribeye steak on your menu for almost $30, I'd expect your chef to be able to cook it properly. My mom ordered it to be medium rare (which I think is pretty standard for steaks) and when they brought it out it was more well-done. We informed our server who took it back and later, brought out a new steak which also turned out to be overcooked. At this point, this is just a bit ridiculous for a $30 steak.... finally the manager (Mitch, I believe his name is) came by and basically said oh well, we'll comp it but that's all I can do and walked away. No apology. No polite customer service. Just basically rude and giving us the message that we were inconveniencing him; hence the two stars--I cannot stand such rude service. And its such a shame because I love their cheese curds. But I honestly just cannot see myself coming back here for dinner, maybe for a drink but whenever we come to visit my sister from now on, we'll steer clear of this place for sure.
Is it expensive? Yes. Is the food of good quality and delicious? Yes. Do you have an amazing 360 degree view of Toronto? Yes!My sister and I came here on a Saturday night with plans to just walk in and dine. We didn't realize you had to "make a reservation", however apparently that wasn't difficult to do as a walk-in at 6pm. We felt that eating at the CN Tower would be worth it especially since we'd get to dine with the 360 degree of Toronto and not have to just pay a fee to check out the view on their observation deck (which is included in your meal price). We both decided to order the prime rib with different salads to start. I had the zucchini watercress salad which was really refreshing. I loved the fresh ingredients, although I was hoping for a more hearty salad. The prime rib was cooked perfectly and paired well with their mashed potatoes and asparagus. I thought the food was cooked very well and made with fresh ingredients. It was really worth the price to have such a delicious meal while enjoying the view of Toronto. We actually got to start our meal with the sun setting and finished with the city lit up. A wonderful experience, in my opinion, but if you hone in on the price you may not agree. But for me, the experience and food were worth it. I definitely recommend 360 Restaurant to those who are just in town visiting the area because it gives such an amazing view of Toronto.
This is the perfect place to get your nails done in Madison! I came here with my sister Tuesday morning after calling ahead of time. They were able to accommodate us for a shellac mani and regular pedi on short notice, which was great! We were a bit pressed for time and they assured us they could finish both services in less than 1.5 hours. Initially, I was hesitant as I thought  they would rush the work and it wouldn't be as good but I was very wrong. They were very detail-oriented and really took the time to do the little things that matter. My technician was covering the phone a bit, but even though she had to stop and pause the mani/pedi, I still thought I got great service. My nails look fantastic! She put several coatings of the shellac polish on which has held up even though I've been moving and packing/unpacking over the weekend.The place itself is very clean and chic. I love the plush seating at the nail station and the massage chairs at the pedi station. The technicians are friendly and welcoming. They seems to know a lot of their regulars and seem to actually care that they're doing a good job. Highly recommend to those looking to pamper themselves in Madison!
I was in town visiting my sister and she gave me free reigns to decide on dinner and, after browsing Yelp for some good eats, I chose Fuegos. I was very intrigued by their vegan menu and the thought of Mexican food sound good. I was able to book a reservation through Yelp (though didn't really need to as it wasn't that busy). I like the set up at Fuegos. Their dining area is open with some seating near the window or large and nice booth options. I didn't check out the bar but apparently they had happy hour specials going on that are only available at the bar. Luckily, they were offering a BOGO 1/2 price tapas specials for dinner. We certainly wanted to take them up on that offer!Between my sister, her boyfriend and I we all ordered six different tapas plates and one main entree. We started with their guacamole and salsa with chips and their queso dip. The queso dip is unique as it is actually baked goat cheese with a chile sauce on top served with toasted baguette slices. Although it isn't the typical queso dip you'd think of at a Mexican restaurant, it was pretty good! I really liked the flavor of the goat cheese with the chile sauce. The guacamole and salsa with chips were pretty standard. Next, we ordered the crab cake and fried plantains dish. I didn't try the crab cake but was told it was good. I'm not usually a fan of fried plantains but they were delicious at Fuegos! The sauce paired well with it and they were nicely cooked. Next, I ordered off the vegan menu to try something new. I ordered the vegan empanadas and the potato salad on romaine "spoons" dish (Cucharas). I wasn't a huge fan of the empanadas because they were really dry. The cucharas dish was delicious! It was an interested concept to have a potato salad with quinoa on romaine lettuce but I actually really enjoyed it. I would have liked it to have fresh jalapeos for a kick but adding some hot sauce also did the trick. My sister also ordered the La Borracha, which she really loved. Overall, the food was great! Fuegos definitely has enough of a variety to please everyone--even vegans! I wish the customer service was a bit better though. Unfortunately, when we asked our server about things she couldn't answer or explain things so it turned into her having to check in with her manager several times. At one point he had to come out to our table to further explain something. I'm chalking it up to her being new, but I appreciated that she always had a smile on her face and readily tried to meet our needs when she did come by our table. Maybe they still have some growing pains? I'm not sure, but this place is definitely a must try if you're in the area and wanting to try something different!
After dining at Sujeo I was beginning to worry that there wasn't authentic Korean food in the area and luckily found Sol's on yelp! Thanks yelp!As Joseph K says, I'm thankful for an actual Korean restaurant in the area (especially because I'm not a fan of Asian fusion foods) with FREE ban chan (side dishes). Although the side dishes were a meager portion during my visit, they had them... For free! And they were actually tasty! I am sad to see they no longer have the jajangmyeon (black bean noodles) which are my favorite so I decided to try their hot pots as they looked delicious in their pictures. And they were sooooo delicious! We ordered the Ddeok bokki hot pot thinking it was very strange to have the rice cake with ramen noodles in the dish but oddly it worked for me. They used the proper rice cake for this dish and it tasted as though they made it fresh so extra points for Sol's! It was a strange concept to have the hot pot cooking in front of us and not really knowing if we were cooking it or if our server was but we just left it alone and it all worked out as the server just came back as it was boiling and about ready. I can see where things can go wrong with the hot pot over boiling and thickening the soup to a sauce but that didn't happen to us and the hot pot was a perfect balance of being more like stew, thick, not thin and runny. I wish I had tried the more traditional dishes like the bulgogi but throughoutly enjoyed the spicy Ddeok bokki hot pot and even had the leftovers the next day.Sol's is definitely refreshing given the lack of authentic Korean food in the area. I wish I could have tried out every place that claimed to serve Korean food but was happy with the food at Sol's that I didn't feel the need to venture out any further. If you love Korean food and have an open mind on their take of hot pots, definitely take the time to dine here. The service was good, not great, and the food quality was on point. I will definitely return to Sol's the next time I'm in town.
Three words to sum up my thoughts on Fresco: phenomenal dining experience! The menu is made up of local, fresh produce so their menu is seasonal and changes based on what is available. My family came with a group of 7 and they were able to seat us without a reservation within 40 minutes on a Friday night. They have an outdoor lounge area where we waited with some drinks, which was perfect while looking over the menu. Once we were seated, we ordered our food, appetizers and more drinks. The manager stopped by several times to ensure we were happy which I appreciated. There was a bit of a wait on the entrees but, to be fair, they were busy and we had a large group with varying orders. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt as the food was amazing! I ordered the scallops and others went with the rack of lamb, ribeye steak, risotto gnocchi and seared halibut. We started with the fried artichokes and Brussels sprouts which were perfect to share. The bacon in the Brussel sprouts dish was flavorful and crispy--I'm still dreaming about it :) I was able to sample everyone else's dish and I have to say I believe my scallops were the best! They had a nice crust on them, they were huge and paired nicely with fresh vegetables. Afterwards, we ordered some desserts. My favorite was the flourless chocolate cake. I was expecting a thick and condensed cake but I was pleasantly surprised it was light, airy and moist! I also sampled the blueberry crumble and beignets and their s'mores ice cream, but preferred mine over the rest. If you're a s'mores fan and like the smokey and campfire-y taste, try out their ice cream! Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience at Fresco! This was a wonderful way to spend time with family and not feel so rushed to leave, though it took awhile to get the entrees out. Our server was nice thought she forgot a few things, but quickly fixed it when we brought it to her attention. And lastly, the view from the outdoor rooftop seating is amazing! I also appreciate the ambiance as it was the perfect seating for a family dinner. Highly recommend Fresco if you're looking for a quality and unique dining experience in Madison, WI!
I finally found a Korean mart in Madison! I'm so happy!! I was looking for an asian grocery store for several days here and started to doubt that there would be a store carrying the Korean foods, drinks and snacks that would make my sister feel a little less homesick being so far away from NC but then I found this place! Yay! Don't let the front of the store scare you away, I realize it makes it seem as though it'll be dirty and cave-like, but it is anything but! The store is actually pretty clean and well organized with a large variety of Korean foods (packaged, frozen, and a small selection of fresh foods!) as well as household items. That being said, if you are looking for other asian products, you may not find it here; but if you are solely looking for Korean products, this is the place! Firstly, it's the first place I've seen a variety of ramen, korean buckwheat noodles (Naengmyeon), black bean noodles (jajangmyeon), rice cake and ddukbokkie, kimchi (other asian grocery stores in the area only carry one brand that doesn't look too great...) AND much more like bulgogi, korean ice cream, porridge and yogurt! In terms of Korean products in the area, this place is a goldmine. Granted, I only checked out Asian Midway, Yue-Wah and Hmoob but their selection was seriously disappointing. Sure, this food mart is not the best korean store I've been to, but it provides the locals with the Korean products I couldn't find anywhere else.I also wanted to note that the owners here are very friendly! Once I walked in they immediately greeted me and wanted to help me as best they could. This type of service was such a breath of fresh air compared to the service I had at the other asian grocery stores where I was completely ignored nor greeted or acknowledged in any way. I'm honestly just glad to have found a mart that carries familiar foods my sister can enjoy. Thank goodness they have their neon "Korean Market" sign, or else I'd still be searching!Just a note that they do accept credit cards (Visa/MC, not AmEx) but with a $10 minimum.
Had the seafarer!  Yum ! It was a very good price (a little over $7) for an omelette,  peasant potatoes , and an English muffin. Good breakfast place after a party at a college town!
The pho hit me at the right spot after an insane hangover. Also they definitely challenged me with the size of that bubble tea. One problem though, what is up with that tapioca? Either they are not boiling it right or just getting the wrong brand. But with everything else, I am quite satisfied.
Hey food is not bad at all ! I had Kimchi Jigae and when I wanted spicy, they gave me spicy alright ! The reason why I am giving them 3 stars because the service was iffy. My friend did not like her dish, so our waitress first offers her a new look in the menu and then adds in, "Oh you need to pay for both" then after my friend showed disatisfaction, she tells her "Can we somehow change the way it tastes by taking it back in?"Also side dishes are not unlimited (I never been to a place that doesn't offer unlimited side dishes)Prices are a little high too. Oh and make sure to ask separate checks or else !
Hidden jewel since it's underground, it has somewhat of a romantic feel (all exclusive and what not). But what I will tell you is that their food is pretty good. I ordered some samosas as an appetizer. Normally I am picky with Samosas since I feel like they are under stuffed . BUT NOT HERE ! The waitress recommended me Dorowot. Nice and spicy :) Just how I like my food ! Amazing service ! -- The waitress I had is such a cutie !Ps. Madison's food options are scarce . Eat here . It's actually good ! Don't do decent .
Hot Spot for Lunch. It is definitely worth the price! The waiter was adorable. He made an effort to practice Korean with us. My Korean classmates and I plan on coming here after we ace our Korean exams every semester :)
They have the generic sushis which I like. I am always a fan of those restaurants that have inari. I believe it's one of my favorites even though it's just rice and tofu. The sweetness of the tofu is just so satisfying !
The service was alright. The food I thought was also so-so. Nothing too great but decent. I felt the ratio of meat to noodles in the yakisoba was not reasonable. There was way too much noodles. Not too sure if I would come back here again. But I don't live too far so maybe I'll give it another go someday.
Good reasonable place to go get Pho. Everything else is so-so I would have to say. But hey, if you enjoy singing, there's the karaoke.
Cold harsh winters in Madison, What better way to celebrate it with some shabu shabu (hot pot) ! This place has decent Asian food , and I am not even a picky eater. I haven't tried anything else but I enjoyed my hotpot. My friend and I ordered Chicken and Beef along with some fish balls. The broth was nice . AHHH it really does relax my tummy.
SO GOOD ! That is all I really can say. The portions are good and worth the price. My belly is always satisfied after a meal there.
Is it bad that I grab a cup before I head to study at the library ? I love self serve froyo ! There are always new flavors to try , unlimited toppings , cute soda bottles , and more. It's an understatement to say I am obsessed with Forever Yogurt. !!
So I am a bit harsh when it comes to Thai Food. What I ordered was Basil, and coming from a Thai family, I would like authentic. It wasn't cooked exactly how I would like it. However the spice was up to par. The place was cozy. It won't be my primary place to head to, but I will definitely eat here again.
Probably the best meal in Vegas. Being pescatarian I had to opt out all the meaty section of the buffet. However there is still enough options to pick from. The seafood station is my favorite, you get to choose a mix of salmon, clams, shrimp, scallops, and mussels with either white wine or a seafood sauce cooked with butter and a pinch of lemon. There were enough crab legs for everyone. The gnocchi might be my favorite vegetarian dish for the night.The only reason why I'm giving 4 out of 5 is because the dessert is mediocre. My favorite thing was the strawberry macaron and ice cream. I grabbed a bite of most desserts, but they weren't good enough for me to go for a second bite. I'll definitely come back for the food. As for dessert maybe just the ice cream.
False advertisement! They label themselves as "All You Can Eat" but we were cutoff after only a few rounds of ordering nigiri. We attempted to order more but the waitress said there was a 3 round limit. We questioned it because we definitely surpassed 3 rounds and when we told her this you could clearly see she felt uncomfortable cutting us off. The waitress was really nice but we think the sushi chef had her cut us off as it seemed like they were making up limitations on the fly. There were not sign posted anywhere stating that there was a 3 round limit on nigiri. All in all, the food was descent. Definitely had better but it wasn't bad. The soft shell crab was really good as was the Hot Crunch Roll. Probably wouldn't be back though.
Excellent Indian cuisine. Freshly prepared to your taste and cooked to perfection. Arguably the best Indian food you can get if you are in the Toronto area. Do yourself a favor and dine there!
The food is really good, but the service is terrible. Servers rarely come back even to give a water refill and it takes at least 30 min to get your food. If you're willing to wait, however, the food IS delicious. I've been there multiple times and have not received good initial service(initial being by the designated server) once (the last time, we waited for an hour and our waitress came back one time but only shortly after we were seated. They forgot about our order but the manager was very friendly and waived the cost). A lot of Pitt students bring their parents there when they visit -- word of advice: there are a lot of other similar priced places nearby with both food and service that are MUCH better.
Good food!! But... Don't let a coupon/ discount deceive you- it's overpriced for value. Okay so not gonna lie the food here is pretty good. My main complaint is the lack of transparency with pricing/coupon for here. I got a coupon for a free stack of hot cakes plain with one purchase. So i purchased orange juice. Then, our waitress told us we could get toppings and only pay the price difference. On the menu, the hot cakes are listed as $6.50. The extra toppings were 2$ more. So we both purchased the banana choc chip ones listed at $8.50, naturally under the impression that with the coupon we would only pay $2. Long story short, for something I expected to spend less than $5 on, I spent $10.15 + $2 tip. Even if I didn't have the coupon I would've spent less because I wouldn't have bought a drink. By the way-- approx 10 oz of watered down OJ in a plastic cup costs a whopping $3. All I can say is that this waitress should get a reward for getting us to pay so much but overall I'm extremely disappointed with the value and have a lineup of better places to go the next time I go out to breakfast.
Best caf. It's really fairly priced and an excellent value relative to other similar places. The grilled cheese is to die for and the various coffee drinks taste like the tears of angels. The service is really good and friendly as well. The ambience is awesome and I love to come here to write papers and just hang out with friends. It's super open with the loft up top and especially when the doors are open, and there is always a cool assortment of art on the walls turning those creative wheels in your head when you have a huge paper due but don't major in English (or have an even more huge paper due and do major in English). Just try it. You will not regret it. (Fyi Saturday, Sunday afternoons are usually poppin which is nice but also can be hard to find a seat)
Bad experience, today.  Sat in drive through for 10 minutes in line to order a drink and two side orders of chips and quest.  After order was placed, sat for another 5 minutes.  No "hello" or pleasantries, just handed me a bag.  When I drove out, I looked in the bag and only queso was included, not chips!  Two small containers of cheese in a bag!  Got out of my car and came inside to ask for chips, and waiting additional 5 minutes.  Employees need some energy and pep, because they seem tired and slow.  This was all at noon lunch hour, so management needs to get people motivated, here.
We went in early in the morning for coffee and a cappuccino.  The coffee was piping hot, but they didn't give us a cup sleeve so you couldn't hold the cup.  Also, no napkins or stir straws at all.  The cappuccino was just warm caramel syrup and was only about 3/4 full in the cup.  The speaker system was so static that we didn't understand anything that was said and we couldn't see our total on their order screen.  Not the best morning at this location.
I ordered online and picked up the order at 11:15, right after they opened.  The food was put together and waiting for me.  All utencils, condiments and even napkins were included in the bag.  I paid online and was able to leave a tip online, so I was in and out in less than a minute.  Very pleased with the experience.  Food was still warm when I got home and was delicious!
Great location. Excellent menu. Wine list is Portuguese like the chef. Menu is varied enough for all to find something they like. Lamb Shank was very well cooked. Servers were very helpful esp with the wine as I know little of the wines of Douro.
This was a beautiful venue and I was extremely happy up until my wedding day, which is why I am giving this place two stars. The minister was awesome!! However, on my wedding day I came in to get ready and nothing was great. The centerpieces were just thrown together, which I had to fix and my party favors were lost except half of them, so I couldn't set them on each table as planned I had to put them on a table alone whoch was my idea. on rehearsal I was told staff would be designated to box everything and we would just have to help it in someone's car. This did not happen and my coordinator left half way through the wedding because she had a date!! I had to box everything and the bartender was rude, then I told the DJ who was the only other peraon there what happened and he replied, I am just the DJ. The DJ also did not read the questionnaire that he told me to fill out because the day of my wedding he asked me all of the same things and he even discussed everything with me while my new husband and I ate dinner, ues the entire time, I couldn't even enjoy the food and that was tje best part of the whole wedding and the only thing the venue got right.Again extremely frusterated, I helped clean things up and a picture frame that I purchased myself broke. Then they tried to say they would ignore the damage to the property if I was ok with everything. The cake cutting had to be organized by my photographer and then they didn't even pass it out or announce that it was on the table for people to eat so no one had cake. To top all of this off the limo driver I purchased through them that they recommended was 45 minutes late to pick us up. I emailed the coordinator and she said I need to call them because they have nothing to do with them. All of my decorations discussed in emails and that were  recommended by the grove for the ceremony weren't even put up. I had to remind them upon my arrival. After all of this on my wedding day, a special day I probably wouldn't return or recommend them. The wedding coordinator, Kim, also told my wedding party at rehearsal to walk up after her to get their food from the buffet when she went to get the bride and grooms food so they do not have to wait. My family members in my bridal party went and she told them to sit down and she did not say that. They make a lot of false promises. Stay away for your special day!!!
If there's a zero-star option i'll rate it.I ordered bbq pork noodles, the red dye of the pork made my whole bowl of noodle pink. On top of Bad services. And it's not cheap for the food they serve you.
I eat there all the time, the chef's specials are my favorite, Happy Family, Seafood Delight, Dragon & Phoenix, Beef & Scallop W.Garlic Sauce. The Hot and Sour soup is great. Very fast service and they deliver!
Had lunch there with my mom over the summer. Had the hash with scrambled eggs and a croissant, was excellent. The coffee is also fantastic as well as their service. Looking forward to going back.
Of course it's expensive....I'm shocked at the people who show up and express dismay.It's by far the best and most consistent sushi in the country.The rock shrimp is my favorite appetizer in any sushi restaurant.The bar has an amazing cocktail menu...very creative.   Try the Acai Serrano martini, wonderful.
Cute place to grab a great burger.I was so excited that they opened this location in Henderson. I really love the create your own burger concept cause it gives me the chance to try weird combinations. I also love the french fries. They look and taste fresh cut and they have the skin, yum! They have these fun dipping sauces that are cool to try. The decor here is 50s diner with lots of great little knick knacks. We took our parents here for lunch when they were visiting and they really enjoyed it. The place is also very kid friendly so we are able to take our 1 year old daughter with us which is a big plus. The staff is always really accommodating and super friendly. I would totally recommend this as a great lunch spot. It's a fun place with lots of nostalgia, and fast service.
This is a great lunch spot. I am so happy I found this place as I'm always on the lookout for fresh new lunch places! We arrived around 1 and the place was packed.  We had to wait for about 10 mins for a table to open up but I'm so glad that we did. The restaurant was very clean despite the crowd. I ordered the Greek Rice Bowl which had two chicken skewers on a bed of rice covered in lettuce, marinated chickpeas, feta cheese, and kalamata olives.  You can add onion and tomato if that's your thing.  The bowl is deliciously dressed but there is also a side tzatziki sauce which is so good I felt like I could drink it.  At the risk of embarrassing my company, I refrained...in case you were wondering.The only note I would offer is that the place can be a little pricey (almost $30 for two if us).  There are some dishes on the menu (featuring lamb) that are pushing $18 which seemed high for the super casual atmosphere. The staff was very accommodating and super friendly. I will definitely be returning!
Great lunch spot!!!! Everything from the appetizers (the Wings and Cheesy Garlic Bread) to our entrees was fantastic. I had the Eggplant Sandwich with House Chips and my husband had the Double Stack Burger.  All of it was absolutely fantastic.  The most difficult thing about lunch was picking what to eat because everything on the menu looked absolutely scrumptious! I can't wait to go back and try the S'mores Nachos! The staff was quick and friendly and the place is really cool looking without giving the impression of 'trying too hard'. They even had some arcade video games in the back (including Asteroids -to my husband's delight!). We will definitely be returning!
I just never get tired of this place. Cafe Rio takes Chipotle's concept and puts it on steroids. Juicier meat, tastier sauces and dressings, and faster and friendlier staff. I most often order the salad which includes your choice of meat (shredded or grilled chicken, grilled steak, or barbacoa), your choice of beans (black or pinto), rice, lettuce, pico, guacamole, lime wedge, cilantro, cheese and tostada chips. You also get your choice of dressings, the creamy cilantro is to die for!  My favorite part of this is the chicken. I always get the shredded chicken and it is deliciously moist and packed with flavor. My husband orders the shredded chicken nachos, and he loves that they sing a silly song when he does. It makes me laugh every time. They give our daughter (11months old) a free quesadilla. This probably doesn't seem like much but as a parent who's been charged over and over for food that is inevitably going to end up on the floor, I totally appreciate it! The tortillas here are handmade (you can watch them do it) on site and they are so good! Sometimes I come in and just take one to go as a snack (though I would not recommend during lunch or dinner rush). It's the little things that take a place with good food and make it a great restaurant. This place has got it all and that is why I keep going back.
We almost always eat here when we are attending an event at the Mandalay Bay Event Center. The food is generally delicious no matter what you try.  The complimentary chips and salsa are great.  We also ordered the Baja Ceviche and the Queso Fundido as our starters   The Ceviche is outstanding and quite large. You could definitely order this as your entre.  The Queso Fundido, which is a cheese dip with shredded beef, was also really good.  Surprisingly, it was not as greasy as I expected it to be which was a total plus! I had the Sauted Shrimp and Scallops.  The scallops were perfectly cooked and had an excellent texture.  They were not at all rubbery.  The broth that the scallops and shrimp were in was very good and the added rice completed the plate.  My husband always orders the Chicken Mole Verde and he loves the Peruvian corn that accompanies it.  I was very underwhelmed by dessert which is my favorite course. We ordered the Pineapple Upside Down Cake which was dry and the Banana Cream Pie.  The Banana Cream Pie was highly recommended by our waiter which was shocking because it was completely tasteless.The service at Border Grill can be hit or miss and the service last night was definitely a miss.  At the bar, I ordered a Sangria Margarita.  This drink is so good, but I order it with sugar on the rim in lieu of salt (salted rims are really gross to me).  The drink came with the a salted rim.  I am not one to send something back so I just wiped the salt off and moved along.  At the table the second drink I ordered was also incorrect.  Our waiter kind of lacked personality. I asked him if he knew where their new 2nd Las Vegas location was opening. He explained he "wasn't moving there so he didn't know." and seemed visibly annoyed when I asked him if he could ask another server for me. Then he never answered the question. Despite this review, based solely on my experience last night, I would still recommend this spot.  We've had better meals here on other nights and I will definitely update my review the next time we go.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this grocery store!! First of all, it is always clean. Spotless actually and impeccably organized. For a store that stocks so much it is absolutely incredible how easy it is to find things. The shelves are always completely full of everything I want and I'm constantly getting to experience new finds.  My favorite thing about this store is you can find food from other regions!  For example my husband is from NJ and there are lots of things he likes to get when we visit his family.  I was shocked to find some of these foods at my local Glazier's.  I have found fresh pastas from Chicago, mustard I've only been able to find in Cleveland, etc.  Chances are you might be able to find your own tastes from home! The deli is absolutely top notch featuring Boar's Head meats and cheeses.  I have ordered many party trays from them including fruit, veggie, cracker/meat, and shrimp. They are always on time and super fresh. One thing I really like about ordering trays here is that they have a display case and you can actually see what you are ordering.  I have ordered cakes and cupcakes from the bakery in addition to purchasing cookies, donuts, etc. All of it has been super tasty! There is a food court in the store which offers all types of different food, as well as, a salad bar and ice cream! This way you never have to grocery shop while hungry!
Love this salon. I've lived in Las Vegas for 15 years and have been lucky to be a client of many top notch salons. Square is by far my favorite.  Here's why: Scheduling.  Scheduling seems like a pretty easy thing to be on top of especially when you're offering a service like hair styling. You would think so but, in my experience, it absolutely is not.  I've had appointments moved and cancelled last minute.  I've even shown up for appointments and the stylist is no where to be found. This is not the type of service I expect when I'm paying $100+ for a haircut. At Square Salon scheduling is a breeze and I haven't had a single issue so far. I've always been able to get in and I love that they send a reminder email and also a reminder call the day before your appointment. Paying $100+ for a haircut is absurd! Which brings me to my second point.  Square Salon is very reasonably priced compared to what I've paid in similar quality salons.  The salon, located in Summerlin, is very upscale and the stylists who work there are talented and experienced. I would gladly plunk down more for the cuts I've received here but I don't have to and I love that. Lastly, the girls who work here are absolutely amazing. especially Chita (so sorry if I misspelled that but its pronounced like the cat) and Amy Lara.  Both girls are terrific at what they do and a pleasure to visit with during your appointment. All of the stylists, assistant stylists and front deal staff are friendly accommodating.  They make visiting the salon something to look forward to every time.  Very highly recommend you check it out for yourself!
This is a delicious, family owned and operated, Italian eatery. When you walk in there is a little bakery with all types of treats and cookies. It's really cute looking. We were greeted by a really friendly man who came out of the kitchen to seat us and set up the high chair to accommodate our 11 month old daughter. A younger guy came over almost immediately to grab our drink orders.We ordered French Fries to keep our little one occupied and they brought them out right away. She gave them two tiny thumbs up. My husband loved the Veal Parmesan. I ordered the meatball sub. It was excellent. The meatballs were extremely moist and the sauce was very well seasoned. A lot of times I can find sauces to be too salty but that was not the case here. Also, it was so big that I was stuffed after eating just half of it. I packed the rest up and it reheated awesomely in my microwave the next day. We were so stuffed we had to decline the cannoli when the server offered but he did return to our table with a few little mini cookies for our daughter. She loved him and I thought it was a really sweet touch. We will absolutely return for the yummy Italian food and friendly service.
I am in love with this park! My daughter and I happened upon this park while waiting for my husband to finish up a doctor's appointment. It literally has everything. The playground is great. There is a huge play structure with several tube slides for bigger kids. There is a toddler play structure with some shallow slides and tubes to crawl through. There is also a play structure shaped like a train with different train cars. I found some toddler swings but I didn't see any regular swings, though I'm sure they have them. The park has several acres of greenbelts and some beautiful gardens with tons of benches and bird baths. This adds to the beauty of the park. There are lots of things for adults to do including tennis, sand volleyball courts, bocce ball, shuffle board and a horseshoe pit. Additionally there is a huge shade structure that can be reserved and tons BBQ pits. I can't wait to come back and picnic here!!
We had an outstanding meal here! I tried: Bruschetta (prepared upon request) Salad with lump crab meat. Beet SaladScallop EntreeNew York StripPolenta Fries with ParmesanTiramisu Ricotta LollipopsThe Bruschetta is not on the menu. The server, after hearing my husband ask me if it was on the menu (he didn't know what it was called), stated that he would ask the chef to prepare it. It was a delicious treat. I cannot remember exactly what it was called but I got the salad with lump crab meat and avocado. It was outstanding. I want to go back just to have it again. Additionally I tried the beet salad. It was perfectly dressed and fantastic. I ordered the New York Strip Medium and, while the steak was good, it was a little too charred for my taste. I ordered the polenta fries for my side. Sprinkled with parmesan, they were very tasty. Dessert stole the show! We had the Ricotta Lollipops. They were so good. The Ricotta cheese on the inside was sweet and creamy. The crust on the outside was chocolate with little crunchy crispies. These were to die for. Additionally, we had the Tiramisu. I'm not the biggest fan of this dish but it was very good here. The cake was very moist and the coffee flavor was not too overbearing. The ambiance in this place is elegant but  cool. It seems like a place that Mr. Sinatra would have hung out in with his friends. We came 5 days before Christmas and got to listen to Christmas carols, Sinatra style, so that was a treat. All in all excellent food, great service, cool vibe. I can't wait to return!
This place is a perfect blend of class and deliciousness! I took my husband here for his birthday and the service was absolutely top notch! When they called the day before to confirm the reservation, I mentioned it was his birthday and I swear he may as well have been wearing a Birthday Badge! Everyone from the hostess to the sommelier wished him a happy birthday and the waiter thanked us numerous times for celebrating the occasion with them.The food here is yummy and, while you can expect to pay a good deal for it, the place does offer complimentary bottled water, chef's choice amuse bouche, a tasty sorbet intermezzo, complimentary additional sides and (in our particular case) a little birthday cake for my husband. All in all the extras, combined with the tasty food, stellar service, and beautiful ambiance definitely lessen the blow of the bill. I tried: The Langoustines which were flash fried and served over a bed of deliciously spiced lentils covered in the Zezette Boullion. Our served told me this sauce is always featured on the chef's ever changing menus. I can't tell why, as the flavor was out of this world. I almost asked for a spoon! Pierre's Salad. If I was a chef I wouldn't blink an eye before putting my name on this yummy concoction. Beets, caramelized pecans, and cheese, need I say more? The Filet & my husband's Ribeye. The ribeye was fatty for my taste, which is due to the cut of the meat not the preparation, but it was good. My filet was perfect in every way. The sides we chose were the mixed vegetables and pured potato. The server brought us these yummy think French fries as a bonus. All of the sides were great.  We really wanted to try the cheese course but we couldn't do it as we were stuffed after everything else we had tried! Next time for sure. The sommelier here was outstanding. I'm wishing I could remember his name. My husband can be a pain when it comes to wine selection and I've seen many a sommelier become flustered.  He was in rare form last night while trying to choose the perfect bottle, and changed his mind quite a bit. The sommelier was very knowledgable and helpful. I cannot wait to go back and try something else!!!
This is a great place to hang out and people watch. Located just outside of the fanciest suites in one of the fanciest hotel/casinos in Vegas sits the Tower Suites Bar. The drink menu is kind of pricey. My favorite is The Dream - a champagne based cocktail that will set you back $22. They also have a great Berry Lemonade priced at $16. I once heard a drink guest ask a bartender here of he felt bad charging this much did drinks. To which he replied. Look around you. I did. The place is packed. Packed with immaculately dressed folks who don't bat an eyelash at a  $30 drink. Touch Mr. Bartender. The company here cannot be beat. I've seen  celebrities here including Lady Antebellum and Lenny Kravitz. I love watching the people, dressed to the nines grabbing a before or after dinner drink.
The best Salmon Bento in town They actually crisp the skin on the salmon, hmmm! Try the real crab California rolls
Very good egg foo young! The fried rice is fantastic, worth the drive. Located south of Van Buren in the central phoenix area. One of the better Chinese food neighborhood places to eat at, not at all fancy but good. Don't expect a high end fancy place, you will be disappointed. Go for the food not the aesthetics. Enjoy...
Everything I come to the mall, this is my go to place for coffee and sweet bread. The people are fantastic, more businesses should learn from them
Best place for a Kobe burger! The cook put a great effort and pride in his food, what a concept. You have to try it
The breakfast (ham & cheese omelet) was the best, but the service was not the best. The toast was cold, my wifes blueberry pancake was terrible.
The dinner room is the place, over the teppan yaki  table. Akiko-San is the best waitress in the restaurant, she is the best. Always has good conversations with us. The filet mignon or the scallops is a must!
I had the green Chile Posole (Hominy & Pork soup/stew), the soup was great. The service was excellent and very friendly as a friendly neighborhood caf should be. Our waiter was an ex-boxer and we talked for a while on his experiences in San Diego, Ca. It was a great experience, I would most definitely go back again.
Ra Sushi is a good place for quick but good sashimi, and sushi. The bento box's are great
My experience with Chapman BMW was great. The Service Consultant was Kris Mason, I must say he was upfront. This is lacking in most dealers, there is no need to fib. Everyone needs to know the truth, and the real dollars that are involved. He told me the time needed, and offered a loaner car. I was impressed, these are high dollar vehicles which need high caliber staffing. I commend Chapman BMW and Kris Mason on there honesty and service repairs. Keep up the great work
Az Vision is an excellent place to choose as your eye glass specialist. I have been visiting Az Vision for over 20 years. The service is the best in the Phoenix east valley.
The sushi was not that great. The service was not the best,  not planning on going back soon.
Great place for a book to read, and Starbucks Coffee to sip on. At the Chandler Mall, can't beat the price
Best green chile and hot to boot. Tortillas are thick and hearty, you will leave full if you order a combo
The fried chicken was ok, not as good as Mrs Whites Soul Food. The service was not the best, very over rated.
The best place in town to get your pool chemicals and parts. Motor repairs are done onsite and very reasonable! Best prices in town
My service comments have been removed, Jody the owner contacted me with clearing any issues. I did not know a robbery occurred a day before my arrival.
Best coconut cupcakes! Also the German chocolate cupcakes are the bestus, try them out to believe the input.
The service was not the best. I had not eaten at El Molino's since it was near the airport. Back then Carolina's and El Molino's were going toe 2 toe. The food and service has gone downhill, very disappointed
The food was not bad, but the restaurant was filthy! The service was horrible, when we asked for our server they got highly irate. Worst restaurant experience I have had in years, I would not recommend this restaurant no to anyone.
Chuck box has the best cheese burger & fries next to WhataBurger. Love there grilled burgers, just like the back yard BBQ. Just someone else us cooking!
Best barrio (neighborhood) burrito stand in town for red or green chile burritos. Can't beat those tacos either, there isn't much of a menu. But this isn't a $8 or $15 high tone Restaurant, these are Nana's (homemade grandma) meals. Cash only, and outdoor picnic bench eating also.
BEYERS BMW is a very good bmw repair shop with very qualified certified mechanics. I was impressed with the friendliness and honest people than make this shop awesome! This is 1 of 2 shops in would recommend over the local dealership
The best burger joint in ahwatukee(Phoenix),Az. Great burger & fries, and for the price. Its a win-win!
Great tortillas, and the green & red burritos are the best! The tacos & tostadas would be my next pick. A must try if you are in the area
The place to go for a meaty sub! The choices vary for the sandwich selection, this is a plus!
Best place for a bagel breakfast, and perfectly brewed coffee every time. I have been to several Einstein bagels in Az and Cali, and the Ahwatukee store is the best!
This is the go to place for seafood in Phoenix, Arizona. The people are friendly and help in assisting with your food selection if needed.
The best Japanese food in the valley. Home style cooking, with caring chefs. A must for foodies, good food takes time to cook or prepare.
The best fried chicken & fried pork chops in town. Ox tails is one of the specials, a very tender meat. Corn bread, and the tastiest mac n cheese ever.
Best chicken wings in town, and the onion rings are the best. The service is great, always enjoy eating dinner there.
Excellent tortillas and red/green & bean burritos at a reasonable price.
Great place for shellfish and bbq, love the corn and potatoes. Always great for an evening of food and friends!
Great donuts, and fresh. The people are great also. Not like the "I dont care kids" behind the register. These have been hearty people, franchises are goibg down the drain. And customer service is also, maybe lack of training
The sashimi bento is the best sushi/sashimi selection in Arizona. There are other sushi restaurants, but they have converted to the American needs and not the classical Japanese eats. This changes the flavor and the need to beautify the sashimi plates, other places like Sakana or Ginban speed up due to people not wanting to wait. A good fresh meal takes time, just like home cooking. Nobody ever asked there mother to speed up, if they did they are rude.
Excellent huevos rancheros! Had beef lengua there also, awesome food. Located in the Ahwatukee (Phoenix) area. Best Mexican food in the area
Great Surf & Turf, ribeye & lobster. The desserts are fantastic,  another reason to eat here!
The service, and the considerate people is what makes this business successful. Of course the food is excellent but there are similar restaurants in the area but have terrible servers. I mean lousy attitudes, this place makes it enjoyable to eat and spend time there.
All good things to say here!Looking for a haircut and a beard trim while visiting family in Scottsdale, so I gave them a shot. Happy I did. Didn't have an appointment but the wait wasn't long and exactly estimated by Alex (the owner). Told him what I was looking for and he executed it perfectly. The beer was a nice touch as well!My father got his haircut at the same time and that turned out great as well, so it doesn't matter whose chair your sitting in. Next time travel plans bring me to the area, I'll be sure to be needing a trim when I arrive.
My go-to Thai spot in Toronto. The turn over is super quick and they'll always have a spot for you in 10 to 15 minutes- which is saying something because the place is always PACKED.I'm in love with the mango salad (when they have it), coconut shrimp (when they have it) and the khao soi. But everything I've ever had here is fantastic.You can even get some Thai Red Bull... Just saying.
What can I say- I absolutely love Frankie and the BarChef team, they've done a few events for me (yes, they will be a part of cool events).When you walk past the storefront, the place looks closed- if it's on operating hours, I can assure you, it isn't. The bar drowns out the outside light with blackout drapes to give the inside a dark, alluring, smokey vibe. Open the door and you'll see plenty of happy people inside.We spent far too much money in this place trying as many cocktails as we could- from Mad Man, which they give an antique leather-infused scent to so it legit smells like an arm chair, to the daiquiri adaptation (coconut drink comes in sand- don't try eating the sand) with some awesome edible snow consisting of toasted coconut and maraschino gel. These drinks were on the higher end of the price point scale, so we also tried the Rocket (mimics the red, white and blue popsicles you ate as a kid) and the backwoods boulevardier.The cocktails are a bit expensive, but it's really because of the time and energy (and infusions) in creating them. Think about it as going and buying a plate of food prepared by a chef- the more expensive drinks come to you served just as such, beautifully presented and meant to play with all your senses. Here, they truly are Chefs... of liquor!
Unique flavors in a funky location. Be sure to sit on the patio. The salsa and chips were okay. Salsa was more of a relish with corn, tomatoes, etc. It wasn't very juicy. We ordered the queso and it was a little thick for my liking. The tacos had great flavor. I was not a fan of the fried flour tortilla with them...I would prefer just a fresh tortilla. I was not impressed with my side (a rice with a mango salsa on top). My husband was also not too impressed with his garlic and jalapeo mashed potatoes. Definitely try the Wahoo Taco.Great service. Would go back for the people and the atmosphere. Check out the Women's Restroom....it had 2 toilets, side-by-side with no divider. It was a single room. Thought it was kinda odd!!!
Fabulous latte. Delicious local donut treat. Wonderful locals and owners. So glad I stopped in here. A true Cleveland gem.
Just had Debra do my hair at the Scottsdale location.  I've been doing my own hair for years, due to previous bad experiences.  But, as I've aged it has become so much harder to do my own, therefore, I thought I'd take a chance again going to a professional.Fortunately, this was the greatest experience.  Debra was not only so kind & gracious, but, I feel young again with the color she chose for me.  And, she was able to cover "all" the grey, not like my own work, or past professionals.And, all the products & treatments she did made my head & hair feel great.I was also extremely impressed that all of their products were vegan, which means not only cruelty-free, but, less toxic for me & the environment.Thank u so much, Debra !!!  I'm looking forward to my next appointment, instead of fearful.andi
I don't believe this shop is very honest and they over price. The mechanic that did my oil change was nice and efficient enough and was very nice to point out certain little things I needed done in my truck. I had JD give me prices on what it would cost to do some of the things I needed. I went and compared at other shops and I did all the needed items for at least 50% off. I also think some of the mechanics are lazy and forget to finish the work. Like my maintenance light was not turned off after job done. I don't believe I will go there again. I would not trust them on major jobs..
I have been a faithful Macy's customer for a looooong time. It's my go to for a bunch of things....make up, perfume, handbags, clothes, shoes, household items too such as towels, bedding, etc...my list could go on. So I recently moved to LV and went to the closest Macy's. What a HUGE disappointment! I first went here to return a sweater I ordered online. The cashier looked me up and down in the most judgmental way. I'm thinking, hmmm, you're a cashier, I'm sure you're no better than me. Her comments were condescending.. She was rude through our entire transaction. I'm seriously considering never going here again as someone told me the store as the fashion mall is a billion times better and nice people work there. I don't need people kissing my feet, just don't look at me like I'm crap and act like you're Jesus.
I was referred to Dr Tottori by my primary and have to admit I was somewhat nervous. I'm new(ish) in town and its scary trying to find decent new doctors. The parking lot was pretty full, so before I even walked in I was afraid I'd be waiting forever..but this wasn't the case at all. The gals at the front desk seemed a bit flustered, after all it was pretty busy..but they got it together quickly. They kept me waiting a very short time. I was filling out my new patient packet and before I could even finish, I hear my name being called to go back to a room. A medical assistant does the typical stuff...gets your weight, blood pressure, etc.. Next step is a breathing test..I did find this kind of awkward because it's done out in the open and the next patient is sitting there watching, but I got over it pretty fast. Then to an exam room. I met with the Dr, he was patient and listened. I felt heard. He had another MA do an allergy test on my back, which was painless. Though it was kind of chilly waiting 15 minutes for the results to process while wearing my paper half shirt they provided, lol! Dr Tottori came back, we discussed a treatment plan and he wrote a few prescriptions. We'll see what happens! But so far, so good!
Giant branch..two tellers on a Friday afternoon.. Poor, poor planning... Three people plus the manager sitting at desks.. Two people sitting behind the glass not helping people. I don't pretend to know about running a bank, but where I come from other staff help out when there's a huge wait for customers.
I went here on a groupon I had purchased. I don't normally shop around salons, but I'm new in town and in need of a regular stylist. I needed highlights and a cut. Scheduling an appointment in this town is odd, you have to text the stylist and go through her. I'm used to calling the salon and a receptionist being able to handle it.. I met Danielle, she said the cut I wanted was her favorite to do (stacked) and she suggested I do some low lights for some contrast. I'm open to suggestions and asked if she could get some swatch samples. I wasn't entirely excited with my color, it looks more like an all over darker color than highlights/lowlights. I like something a bit more edgy and fun. My cut is good. I'll most likely still be in search of a regular stylist..
I like the atmosphere here..it's casual but classy with yummy comfort food. They have a couple TVs in the dining area in case you want to watch the football game, which the hubs appreciated. I love pizza! And what I love about Due Forni is they completely thought out of the box when creating their pizzas. We ordered the Tartufo with the truffle creme, mushrooms, and the fried egg. The crust was bready, but not in a bad, raw dough kind of way, while the bottom was a tad crispy. All of the ingredients had a fresh taste. The garlic bread on the appetizer menu may have been the best I've ever had! It was so fluffy, not greasy and heavy like most. Our server was knowledgeable about everything we asked him about on the menu, he even made suggestions based on our likes and dislikes. I will say the drinks are a bit overpriced. My husband ordered bourbon (Bulleit) their selection was lacking. I really wanted a sweet white wine, but was advised that what they had probably wouldn't suit my fancy. No biggie, there's a bunch of mixed drinks to chose from. There was a slight mishap with our dinner, but nothing we were worried about. Our server felt bad anyway and brought us a complimentary dessert to share!
I've tried and tried numerous times to really like this place.. I will say the margaritas are delicious, but they better be at $10-$11 a piece. We normally like to sit at the bar as we are very casual people. However, when I can see and hear the hostess clipping her nails from where I'm sitting, it's pretty disgusting! I hope to God one of those didn't fly into my food! We ordered the fresh guacamole that they make table side. This is the third time I've ordered this.. I know they have all the ingredients placed in front of you, but I swear it tastes very much like a ton of green pepper, which I very much dislike.. keep in mind I've eaten guacamole about 95 other times with no issues.. so after the guac, salsa, and chips we weren't super hungry and opted for the queso with sausage. ICK!! I had to sop up the grease with a napkin. And this was no queso I'd ever had it was basically a melted brick cheese.. on previous visits we have ordered combo meals and have been less than impressed. If I were to go back here, it would be for drinks with only..and you're buying!!
I love Panera. I'm sad that there aren't more of them here in Vegas. I'd totally hit them up for more lunches.. It's a great alternative to fast food. It's like fresher food fast. I'm not going to lie, some of it can taste a bit processed. But for the most part the soup and sandwiches are spot on.  I recently ordered the steak sandwich. The white cheddar was so thick and creamy delicious..The broccoli cheddar soup is always an amazing experience. Thick, creamy cheddar surrounding chunks of broccoli....yummy!! Ask for a piece of a baguette, it goes fabulously with the soup! My lemonade was not served with a lemon in my cup (like normally)..but I won't hold a grudge..Have a meeting or just want to spring for a dozen bagels? They are fresh and tasty.. I love the asiago cheese.. Mmmmmm.. There are all sorts of baked goods, check it out... Service is friendly and attentive. I'll be back super soon!
This place can be easily missed as its in a tiny strip mall.. We drove by and decided to check it out. I was hesitant once we entered and found the place nearly empty on a Sunday evening. Sure, it's nice to not have to wait for a table, but why is nobody else here?? You can sit at the sushi bar or the big tables for teppanyaki. We opted for the entertainment, so we sat at the big table. The staff was very attentive, maybe too much.. There was a man and woman waiting on us in tandem and they clearly didn't communicate. No biggie.. Our chef was super entertaining! All the same old tricks we've seen at other places, but still fun..catching things in his hat, volcano smoke out of the onion, etc.. I oered scallops and filet. I asked for my filet to be rare plus, it was more like medium :-( why is everyone afraid to leave the meat a tad bloody? Other than that, everything was pretty decent. Sushi I fresh and delish. We ordered noodles, which was almost $5 extra!! And I was disappointed when everyone received rice but me..not sure why..
I have never been to such terrible post offices since I've moved to Las Vegas. This is not at all an exaggeration either. There are two offices that I've been to, this one is 15 minutes from my house..the other is 10 minutes.. I'm in Summerlin (south) Any time of the day I've gone, there is no less than a 20-25 minute wait. And this visit, I WISH I had only waited that long. I arrived about 2:45 and there were three workers on the desk. As soon as they were done helping the customers they were with at my arrival, two workers closed their windows. I was stuck waiting 50 MINUTES. This is ridiculous. Clearly this town needs another post office and/or more postal workers. I understand there is competition with UPS, etc., but my time is way too valuable to wait for this kind of service. Next time the parking lot is a cluster, I'll skip by and ship my package at a UPS store for a couple bucks more. What irritated me further, was when a male worker came out and advised people to use the kiosk..after he said his thing, he was chatting for a few minutes with the lady behind me.. Instead of meaningless convo, get behind the desk and help! Sheesh! The one positive thing I will say is the gal that helped me was beyond friendly..I would have been PO'd if I were her. She deserves 5 stars, this office should get negative stars! Hey Postmaster, get it together!
We went here to purchase a couple accessories only because it's close to our house. The store appeared clean and organized, but lacked service. I'd go out of my way to a less eye appealing place for good service. The cashier had a badge that read 'assistant manager', he must've been having a bad day. He wasn't at all friendly. He didn't even thank us for us purchase, say hello, did you find everything ok? Nothing. And no, it wasn't busy at all. I think there were two other people in the store. So when my husband went back five days later, he was greeted by a grumpier woman that acted inconvenienced by his presence. We ended up having to return the sunshades for both of our cars as they were ridiculous sized. We read the chart and bought the appropriate ones listed, not sure..maybe there was an 'off' batch. I'll probably just order from Amazon next time I need an accessory, at least I won't have to deal with a crab!
I love that all these great stores are super close to my new house. The layout for the outdoor mall is awesome. You can park right on the street if you just want to run into a store or there are parking lots and garages. Complimentary valet is also available. If you want to simply walk around and check out the scenery, there are a couple beautiful fountains and lovely foliage placed about. When I first drove they the road beside the downtown area, I was in awe at how many gorgeous palm trees there were..I can't even count that high! So pretty!! Lots of restaurants around should you get hungry, or maybe lunch after visiting the cinema. I can't wait to check out the weekly farmers market, I hear it's really great!
